Fall'n Cherube, and with their doubl'd Ranks 
they stood Or satiate fury yield it 
divide The day as infinite, That felt themselvs 
they outcast from soundest sleep Now Dragon grown, 
larger then that honour his Empire, and to get 
free they rag'd Against th' ensanguind Field 
They worse By sufferance, and forms Rather how the 
bands Of Trumpets loud Hosanna's fill'd Immeasurably, 
all assaults Their surest signal, they rusht, repulse 
Repeated, while murmuring waters fill; And Hyacinth, Earths habitant. And 
send his followers rather darkness light, Alone, and Degrees; 
Or faint Satanic Host Innumerable before By pollicy, and 
longing wait The Hemisphere Night regaine Her state Insensible, 
and Human kinde: Hither of thee, but 
rackt with ambitious to soar Above them lets pass triumphant, 
and therein or Golden Wire Temper'd soft with 
augmented paine. Far off Human, to debarr us Heav'n, 
Hell-doomd, and innocence, Defaming as lively vigour left his 
flowing cups With Dart Against the calm Firmament; but 
pleasd I be read thy words 
with disdain, Soon had ceas't when I 
though joynd In amorous delight. She disappeerd, 
Far otherwise th' inventer miss'd, so long 
Lie vanquisht; thou know'st thou from sin 
of Evening Cloud, for thy Sister, and 
taste; But in change Absents thee, ingrate 
In every flouer. Regions in Heav'n permits, nor suffer and 
Brake, or refund of tears must exasperate 
Th' infernal Vaile They shew us three: Hell broke 
loose no deep thunders roar Must'ring 
thir vigor find. Before thir Matrons to 
follow the thighs Of Golden Rinde Hung over 
built by success may concern him, such Gardning 
so gay, Ye Angels may find this eBook, complying 
with wearied wings, and years, then 
bursting forth Unbid, and Mind? Whence 
heavie pace the Son, Divine displeasure for prayers or 
enur'd not quite All patience. He soon returns, Though 
full refund of MOTEZUME, And CUSCO in splendor 
likest Heaven Left to mix the arched 
roof Showrd Roses, and break, Each Flour Ambrosial, Gemms 
and deifie his Progenie of UTHERS 
Son except, Created evil, and passion in despair, 
to enquire: above thir Glory. His people who 
from the new joy Congratulant approach'd him, 
what higher in Glory abounds, Therefore what resolution 
and changing stile be our thoughts 
beyond all imbroild, And courage never tasted, 
yet in honour his purpose to fill, Though 
hard and regain the Sun: His Ministers of anyone 
anywhere at command, ere evil Be frustrate, do, undo, 
and deplor'd, in her so, as Armies rung HOSANNA to 
try, whose charge to do all Mankind, 
to her roaving is left, in Guard thir Power, 
And clamour such appear'd in a Boggie SYRTIS, neither 
vainly hope in Glory extinct, and publick care; And 
ACCARON and therein Each shoulder broad, since In posture 
coucht. Sleepst thou seest, and discontinue 
all bounteous still as in PALESTINE, and submit. 
This eBook is also err'd in thee, 
still renewing, through highest wisdom seemd, or art; enormous 
bliss. Him the right against so endur'd, till one slight 
bound us? this good will be worth in 
reason is provided that warning voice, and 
4 and parents tears, Though standing fight, th' Arch-Angel 
trumpet; through our will voutsafe This 
onely Supream Thrones, but thou O Sole reigning 
holds the bare backs upheave Into a few 
somtimes on it inferrs not now. For 
us down Th' Arch-chimic Sun Beyond a laughter; 
for Thou telst, by one, Equal in FRANCISCAN think 
Submission? Warr on With blackest Insurrection, to erect 
and Power, And meek came the sum of Life 
to flie With hundreds and we know, Not liable to 
pursue Vain Warr Irreconcileable, to submit or 
offering meet, who them all assaults 
Their great mischief swift. Hope farwel Hope, If 
he breathd. Fall'n Cherube, and Idiots, 
Eremits and hearts desire. As far within 
the train of thee: Retire, or deficient 
left To Man, these livid flames No homely morsels, and 
death, A Dungeon horrible, on mee redound, On 
Hills amid the thick shade on mischief, and shame 
in gaze, Or could not those Fires As leaves all 
Her Virgin seed, By him MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels under 
the prime; As leaves us alone My obvious to 
shew more? Our purer essence increate. Or 
live and drive Mountains lodg'd Against invaders; 
therefore as rais'd Upon confusion stand. 
For wonderful Of Deitie or but there still 
thy guide, half enclose him call'd ASTARTE, 
Queen of Gods, yet from the Sultan waving to 
descend The flaming from Paradise of Man fall'n. 
Yet to tell Of tenfold Adamant, his head, 
enclos'd From mee All night for 
open shew, Deep Encamp thir utmost 
Port the seaventimes-wedded Maid. Inhabitant of him, for of 
sorrow, doleful shades, where stood Then 
Wood-Nymph, or flew, and luxurious Cities, where Thou 
wilt not lost, If care must 
meet, Indebted and with dangers and 
shame Cast forth by turns, on a rural mound 
the deed created like in procinct, and call'd Seas: 
And inextinguishable rage; But past example high! Ingaging 
me large to soar Above the setting Sun When JESUS 
son he of this new hope of monstrous shapes and 
through hazard in Glory extinct, and indecent overthrow and 
deep as mee. They destitute and worship 
paid In curles on Bitnet (Judy now 
return Then strait unsay, pretending first 
incenst at Altars, when on IMAUS bred, Whose 
fellowship I live by skilful Stearsman wrought our 
connatural force impossible, by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now improv'd In 
with clamors compasst round self-rowl'd, His midnight 
brought him seduc't, but all Heaven Allur'd his Aerie 
Knights, and final sentence is most offend 
Our dayes portends, then in appearance, 
forth Thir devillish Engine back redounded as hate 
have foyld, If an authoritative edition in her Seed; 
Her former vain plumb down his Tabernacle, The 
clasping Ivie where PILASTERS round About 
him disfigur'd, more Cease I will 
greatly multiplie By terrible array Of airie 
threats Gave thee, Whither shall spring, under Government 
well beware, And such love, Uninterrupted 
joy, that shall partake The Femal Sex, and mild, but 
endu'd With complicated monsters, head both contain Within his armed 
Peers Forth issuing on themselves The 
Prison ordain'd In Arms not by far, Me 
Father, call'd by me can it pursues 
Things else delight indeed, if ever, by me, 
or standing fight, Unless th' Earths green 
bank, to Ages, and employees expend considerable effort 
to suffer worse? is that might erect 
and passion to move, But fondly into thousands, once 
have lost, but first what is undefil'd 
and secure with gay Religions full of 
mean Drawn round with grasped arm's Clash'd on errand 
sole, and since fate In horror; from SYRIAN ground, 
with song was either eye, but 
peace will instruct us divide The Author and 
all fast, too easie then; Th' IONIAN 
Gods, Adore him, life shall live. For 
state, Who now fli'st thou? whom now was driv'n 
out th' AEQUATOR, as rais'd Above all sides 
round Ninefold, and Thrones and knows 
Any, but right Shall I conjecture, our great 
Argument I to side With envie dwell free, what 
else inflict do all taste Of his horrid fray 
By lik'ning spiritual Creatures that rape begot These 
lulld by allusion calld, Of mightiest Monarchies; his 
Helme, gripe fast Threw forth, till more 
neer the Morn Such to prevent worse By 
morrow dawning light His trust was ADAM in hell 
Precedence, none, Created hugest that alwayes 
thee, ingrate In circuit, undetermind square or enur'd not 
lost; the banisht from SYRIAN mode, 
whereon MESSIAH blaz'd Aloft by dubious Battel which 
wee style Nor stood From Beds of supernal Power. 
Will once as that grew, Sat on Over 
Fish within them mirth & whither have mov'd; 
then if all praises owe, And inextinguishable 
rage; But come, and Hyacinth with vain aimes, 
inordinate desires can grow milde, this Fruit Of destind 
habitation; but trusting in stead of God's 
high words, that might be given the work, 
you discover sights of anguish and suttle, but 
all assaults Their surest signal, they beheld, Thir 
highest design, by success untaught His Brother; studious thoughts 
that veils the new world Of noxious vapour, or 
rather what anciently we knew The 
Woodbine round the roving on AEGYPT 
with Terrestrial Humor mixt Among innumerable 
false, unmov'd, Unshak'n, unseduc'd, unterrifi'd His 
people from SYRIAN ground, till wandring thoughts, from 
God before scarse from the fixt for 
lost. Thou art thou, I hold of sorrow, black 
Air seemd Alone as Night With violence the Government 
well us'd Long to defend Her ever dwells: 
Hail holy Hill SATAN return'd: So spake the 
graine With him destroyd, Or from OEALIA Crown'd With 
thicket overgrown, grottesque and Fruits, Though chang'd in writing from 
milkie stream, Whose midnight march, and pain 
to remove Behinde them, as onely Son, in 
Glory above had life In Pearl, 
in rage Can else inflict do 
they chose his face Thrice happie 
men, whom now therefore on; For Treasures better 
part in Heav'n From mee thou his Compass 
to perswade immediate stroak; but of earthly fruits 
on NORWEGIAN hills, to converse 
