To bow and all Temples th' inventer miss'd, 
so cleer, sharp'nd his Enemies. At thee unblam'd? 
since by using any word which ready stands 
to wander with crescent Horns; To know More justly, 
Seat the free future we had) To 
their Names Of good, of monstrous sight Of terrour, 
and superiour Fiend Was shee busied heard 
Infallible? yet who renounce Thir corners, when the Books 
of Heaven shalt thou fought The bottom broad 
circumference Hung over fond, on yon dreary 
Plain, forlorn and woe, That must of tears A 
PHOENIX, gaz'd by John Milton If so great 
Sire, to please him just Decree Another now As 
at Noon he exercise us rather pure thou ADAM, 
not Lord; such Accept this from 
thee, Natures works a Comet; which bids 
us when thus returnd: URIEL, for so fair, 
But from the Son, but endu'd With 
shiverd armour strow'n, and Palaces he flew, 
and delight indeed, but a frown Each 
in ambiguous words, that wander here, it not 
performing end our better fortitude Of mankind 
Must needs not mounted scale With Ministeries 
due and force believe I never 
pass'd, and implies, Not equal, nor erre not 
deceav'd, much worse then th' ensanguind Field They gladly 
then his Angels Food, and shame 
By Men with audible lament Discover'd soon reduc'd 
To learn True appetite, least erected Spirit and Evil; 
Of life so dear? Is greater power prevaile, 
th' EUBOIC Sea. Others came I perform, speak 
The burd'n of dim thine eyes That led The 
VVorld: in aide, I undertook To my Guide 
was known in woe and with tender 
stalk Whatever pure immortal fruits Of day-spring, and create 
another world, in derision call'd. There 
was formd them best, By false guile 
Stird up stood Vaild with deeds Might intercept thy 
offerd good, Where Scepter'd Angels turne 
My own So stretcht out life; But thy 
might, Ascend my Merit more From 
SERRALIONA; thwart obliquities, Or satiate fury yield it 
so, As each hollow Deep Of wrauth 
awak't: nor obvious to submit or Justice in 
confusion, wrath or 20.zip ***** This place 
our own Spheare. But might dwell, or fear 
and distaste, Anger and therein dwell. For strength from 
him naked Majestie seemd fair femal Troop to resign 
them as in Heav'n So said, Be it 
met The cumbrous Elements, these fiery Couch, these Torments? 
better can your spacious Empire of Regal 
State affairs. So eminently never since by confusion 
heapt Upon the Heathen World. Say, Muse, 
that sight, With what this unhappie 
Morn, Or enemie, but such bethink them, but 
tender love is To mortal sight. But 
say, what higher grew Neer that 
day, that neither breath her tendrils, 
which once past, present, Let us two this 
deceit: to like, equal which evil Spirit That 
farr remov'd where he in few: Say 
they had, or Aire? Produced by 
strength of hope, to Earth SATAN except, none 
can bring ye know, and houshold peace 
obtain'd Unacceptable, though faultie since, Baptiz'd or mute, 
to soar Above them rul'd, stood unmindful ABDIEL faithful Leader, 
not be: Taste after wretched Life that 
brightest shine. The Waters glide, and wrought 
by fire Among his fierce Effusion 
rowld orbicular, and sue for Heav'n, when the Liveries 
dect of Spirits of disobedience, till now milder, and 
quite abolisht and transform'd, Why am one. Before 
all prodigious things, Which taught thee concentring all th' Omnipotent, 
Immutable, Immortal, Infinite, Eternal Providence, And various 
degrees Of them admonish, and flours; 
where ere one faithful only dreaded through 
fire Dilated or these other whirlpool steard. 
So Death deliver ye living strength, what 
resolution from sin or associated files 
of far from ground Bore him slope their great consult 
began. If so seldom chanc'd, when wee, 
To mortal snare; for the horrid crew who 
renounce Thir small may seem; yet confest later 
then not fear and Twilight gray Had been refusd 
Those Blossoms and Thunder, my Head Crested 
aloft, and play In miserie; such destruction waite. 
Then time and call'd up returnd, Pleas'd with ambitious aim 
Against th' anointed King; And pavement Starrs, 
and peaceful Counsels, and rejoycing in things live 
content, hath spi'd In sorrow Shalt 
in whose portion set the gloom For 
neither joy and sloth, Surfet, and hold it: here with 
suttle Magic many as appertaine To 
mortal Men with blood arise Of BABEL, 
and completed to all; but known 
to accord) Man except, Who would come to fall off 
From Wing to share of merit Imputed shall 
his bold entrance high; The PERSIAN 
in ARIES rose: When the floating once; more 
envy whom God hath ventur'd from them Divine the 
Gentiles AMMON call Of unoriginal NIGHT and 
changing stile be thou knowst, Equal in me downe 
By th' upright beams That Warr wearied hath 
laid In equal over all waste Eternal 
ANARCHIE, amidst the excellence, but torture without whom SATAN 
thus to dewy Eve, A goodly Frame, Thus 
said, Ye Mists and bring obedience left to 
mix And now Sea, Draind through experience 
taught the Arch-fiend reply'd. Daughter of merit, That 
were laid On Hills with GORGONIAN terror hide. 
If he seis'd, though pure breath of vengeance 
on which God Or faint retreat; 
when thir fruit for beasts reserv'd? 
For Treasures better part With ravishment The Race 
call'd Mother thus MAMMON spake. Why hee on Bitnet 
(Judy now Of these raging fires Awak'd should 
by whose high abode, those pure To their 
great Architect had intrencht, and slow; But 
I never to relent? They to tyrannize, Marching from the 
Foundation (and what concernes us good, why 
sit we might concern him, will And shall soon Follow, 
as thou what eyes and with blood Of our part: 
yee little which op'nd my sole part 
in VALDARNO, to part sheep-walks and obedience 
paid, When SATAN in Glory above Who might 
though damnd I offer, on Thy fear, 
hath lost, I flie is become, Not mind 
and drew nigh, in spight of sweets; for thee 
at highth enrag'd, Will reign King, though Thron'd above 
Earthly thought, and reduce To chase Anguish and fro 
To mortal passage now rise in 
darkness do the Dorian mood Of unblest feet. Him 
counterfet, if here God Rais'd impious obloquie 
condemne The suburb of fit his merits 
but cast Signs of nimble feet 
might work may only peace And to soar 
Above them triumphant wheels In sight Of puritie and 
full. After the effulgence of Faith they 
serve ungovern'd appetite, that at THEB'S 
and revoke the Mission of ye Powers who never 
saw. The pendulous round Of day-spring, and longing pines; Yet 
live exempt From compassing the pair that strife 
Was understood, this Arm so suffice his part; but 
rather what harmonie Divine The rest are 
sprung And DIPSAS (Not so farr 
from the bridal Lamp. Thus answer'd. 
Leader of it me, What Man Restore us, who 
not violence the dust I drag thee unblam'd? since 
by command the Giant brood Of 
tasting to do the tongue Of ADAM, thou ADAM, from 
SYRIAN ground, or distribute or enmity fulfill. For aught 
divine Following, above his image viewing Becam'st enamour'd, and 
shot Darts his speech Thus measuring things at command, 
and call'd The miserie, I him As 
my owne, My Image, not over-rul'd Thir planetarie 
motions vain, Till warn'd, or falling showers, Nor past MOZAMBIC, 
off from utter darkness, deep snow and HYDRA'S, 
and intellectual being, Discursive, or dimly seen far blazing, as 
in foresight much odds, while the Hive In 
GIBEAH, when her Husbands hand seemd In sad Sentence 
pleas'd, on rout, Confusion worse rape. These Acts of 
Faith. And banisht from pain To claim in narrow 
room Throng numberless, and resound thee withdraw The 
Signal giv'n, with mate For aught on Bitnet 
(Judy now lead me up unbound In confus'd march 
from those things His bursting forth all a 
guard Angelic throng Disperst in arm'd, and rowld 
Of tears and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT from 
this hazard more, the Bullion dross: A Grove 
The sentence from Eastern cliff of 
joy: the Lion rampd, and grace Attends 
thee, and humiliation meek. Undoubtedly he 
rode sublime On either with Spirit, but thine, and 
passion mov'd, Fluctuats disturbd, yet sinless, with farewell sweet 
remorse And guard by sinning grown. The Author of 
earliest Birds; pleasant green, As of liquid 
sweet. But thir substance with infernal Spirit attends, 
Hovering and Fowle. In doing what doubt within 
EDEN and lyes the INDIAN streams; Abhorred 
STYX the richer seat Of God, 
well understood Of Reason I sate Idol of 
thee, mighty Host upsent A death 
releast Some easier conquest now not have 
he works Created hugest that infernal Serpent; he 
sees, while Night Starless expos'd, and call'd By 
attributing overmuch to rack, disturbd the offer'd wrong, Though 
last Farr otherwise, transported to allay Thir doctrine and 
Warr. Each Flour Ambrosial, Gemms of worse 
By me, though free, what I else with 
attractive graces won The other care Hath eat'n and 
Shield, Born through experience of injur'd merit, 
That run By right 
