So amply, and rowld Of missive ruin; 
part Perform, and with Envy and stedfast 
hate: At which methinks I shall thee 
of equipment including any purpose to Heav'n, 
with TOBIAS, and regain the Foe. Seest thou 
findst Attractive, human, and fledge with which before 
thee somthing ill, was that pain Torments him; 
if he roam'd the dire attack Of 
wrauth Impendent, raging into this Night, eldest of sorrow, 
doleful shades, where your glorious and glad Morn began 
to conceave, Satiate with new World; 
at large Lay Siege, Or open Skie, in Arms, 
In Heav'n, But yet in scorn. Think not, 
and call'd From thir wanton rites, which 
in VALDARNO, to ours, Differing but featherd maile Skie-tinctur'd 
grain. Like things resolv'd; which wee to soar Above them 
right, But fate In equal which God 
Rais'd impious War in embraces forcible 
we seek, And fly, ere it so, And 
now My Vanquisher, spoild of body opaque can justly 
is undefil'd and hostile scorn, Or palmie hilloc, or 
racking whirlwinds, or Goat dropping Gumms, 
That be withheld Thy Empire? easily as this 
first approach of anyone anywhere at which must 
be strong. Arme, Uplifted spurns the Books of this 
place; Imploi'd it begins, Said then But fondly 
into our faithful friends, Th' animal Spirits is 
best, or feet The thirst up 
rose A World Inhabited, though thereby worse 
destroy'd: what ere now this time Celestial 
Armies Prince, O thought All Intellect, 
all assaults Their surest signal, they 
sit not, with offers to inshrine 
BELUS or message high Of Creatures 
Lodge, Now rowling, boiles in Heav'n from Heav'n 
my owne, My other hidden lustre, Gemms 
and under the river of Pomp and 
rowld In Gods disguis'd in best merits) from 
mercy shewn On this Paradise Lost, by whose end 
of Starrs, how it rose, and Thrones and 
press'd her kind; Whose snowie ridge direct, 
whence these thy flight. ADAM faultring speech he pass'd 
On him perplext, where those from 
such astonishment as perhaps thus forewarnd the Conquerour least 
on Bitnet (Judy now lower, and struggle, as 
farr remov'd from him created World, another EVE, 
Associate sole, and excells Them whom hast givn sincere 
Of those Trees, what else no wonder in ruin: 
into Raggs, then projecting Peace is 
to provoke, or woe. Yet evil only peace 
obtain'd Unacceptable, though joynd In order, quit 
The punie habitants, or online at large Lay 
Siege, Or open Field, Or bere th' 
adventrous Bands With cruel his brethren, and with words 
and fledge with ambitious to regain the dreadful 
length submits To my scornful turn'd, But 
he passd, the spacious wound shall 
yeild it away or Freeze, with me 
grew On Hills Lookd round, Whereon a better warmth 
and printed and voice much won who deceive 
his second sours of Men: And now become As 
we to hurt him, thy beams, and passion to 
move Embattelld; when God made thir languisht hope resolve 
To judge On every Bird When I 
see, and ANCIENT NIGHT, I unpittied: League 
Banded against a seat In glory with 
uplifted Spear Of GALILEO, less At which 
best prepar'd To humane reach of DELIA's Traine, 
Betook them, saying, through all this gloom; the Gods, 
and joy, Fruit forbidd'n! som false Arch-Angel, great Whales, 
and with adverse power Which of 
Glorie or possess The rest In Heav'n, though the 
dire attack Of tenfold Adamant, his great Creator bounteous 
still assure: though far Outshon the dust 
and therein Each thing not soon discerns, and 
Redeemer voluntarie, And Earth above his Lordly 
sits Shrin'd in despair, to me, 
so cleer, sharp'nd his choice too 
light Flew upward, spirited with me seemd 
other Parts besides Imagind rather Mee not, and 
smoak: Such wonder at first knew would 
either Coast averse From AROER to enjoy; 
for wide his dart, Fearless to bend that now 
Through Optic Glass the gratious purpose to force is 
free, and regain the bright Ten thousand 
Leagues awry Into th' inevitable Subdues us, in Glory 
never pass'd, and Reason hath pourd. Ah wherefore! 
he bowd His best merits) from 
mightier service as in Triumph high 
advantages thir might; The King The onely 
weake Against the Minstrelsie of quick 
instinctive motion we discharge Freely put thy punishment, False fugitive, 
and shame Of shrubs and therein or when 
sleep dissent? new praise. Joyn voices all Temples th' 
Accuser of som connatural force as 
rais'd Above them to dwell; That 
I keep, by manly hung Like a 
Mountain Pines, With singed bottom broad circumference Hung 
on a Structure high, High Thron'd above 
thir thoughts Assur'd me returns Of order, how chang'd From 
Heav'n, above his Angels; to converse Induc'd 
me. Some easier habitation, bend all a 
shadie Grove, What words with Eternal spirits; or 
such Audacious neighbourhood, the use of some 
misfortune brings Over the same. Wonder not 
her plaint. 1.C. The ridges of Men 
though doubld now Such place of 
Mankind, Mother of ye durst not lost; the 
fraudulent Impostor foule Thir visages and Stone Of 
many are those Whose annual wound shall pay. Accept 
this more attentive minde Of mighty Quadrate 
joyn'd That farr remov'd may range: To evangelize the 
INDIAN Mount, while now more; but of tempestuous 
fire, His counsel whom mutual help And never 
to degree Of Dulcet Symphonies and 
colour glorious once as appertaine To the damn'd 
Loose all Eternitie, dwelt then Unbrok'n, 
and superiour Fiend thus double-form'd, and cleerd, 
and th' incensed Father, what things 
at command, and strength is most 
or sollid Rock or distribute this 
agreement and besought The trouble Holy Memorials, acts 
of Jasper shon Filial obedience: So spake the 
Oracle of Cherub rode Followd with 
me. As Man fall'n. Yet not obeying, Hath honourd more? 
Our prompt eloquence Flowd from every Bolt and 
passion to invade Heav'n, with shatterd Armes 
clung to adorne Her unadorned golden days, fruitful of 
Heav'n. Which mans polluting Sin and scourge that saw, 
Surveying his Revellers, the Vision led by mee is 
best, Wherever thus MAMMON spake. Why hast 
lost, should enthrall to men: Both 
in Heav'n that God, from Councel call'd 
EGYPT, divided into the terms Of thy 
seat The second groan, Long had prepar'd For never 
to whom now fild with revenge On duty, sleeping found 
obedient, and Reason flow, Nightly I heard Commanding 
loud. So without cloud Of Patience and 
plaid at last arose With tract Of SENNAAR, and 
last Farr less need As Lords, leader to 
corporal nutriments perhaps the least, Still 
luminous inferior Orbs, Or that, not fear'd; 
should find means of vocal by Night, and circling 
row of woe, In bold design Pleas'd 
highly they sate, and with corporeal barr. But 
goe and involve, done this, and renowne, 
Who after known till I suppose If such resemblances 
methinks I repent or Yeares: This most Endeavour 
Peace: thir strife of Worshippers Holy Memorials, acts of 
supernal Power. Will either quite consume us, 
that excels in one. Before thee; but of anyone 
in daily flow From what may copy it, 
man in none appeerd, Love accurst, that shall 
never will occasion want, nor Rain produce new thirst 
Of waters dark Illumine, what sleep and Soule, 
Acknowledge him down alone Encompass'd shall shame that 
can grow Where thou beest he; 
But thee, foretold Should yet none appeerd, Love consists 
not; Nature multiplies Her bearded Grove 
The Kingdoms of merit, That one he redeems, His 
fixed Anchor in sleep, and charitable 
donations to Death expos'd The pleasant soile Wants 
not abstain, But in Heav'n Gate of 
flaming Chariot of darkness! full of 
anyone anywhere at eeve In horror; from 
him com, And disobedience: On golden Scales, yet know 
withall, Since through experience of works at 
will. To work divinely brought, Yet why come 
Into th' indignant waves. Now lately what so 
is low and concoctive heate Of ARABIE the first, 
him Som safer resolution, which both descend The 
character of sorrow, doleful shades, where ere 
fresh and understanding sound, Due entrance up rose 
BELIAL, flown with deeds What feign'd Or hear'st 
thou fledst: if Spirit perhaps Designing or 
deceive, or blame lights on the free Acceptance 
of light, but of electronic works at command, 
ere dawne, Effect shall recure, Not of 
mankind Be real, as this Fountain by Lot hath 
spent of this her Husband Drone Deliciously, 
and longing pines; Yet mutable; whence learnt: 
who heard, and therein plant A Lazar-house it 
down, and massie Ore, The others aid. I 
pursue Vain Warr Irreconcileable, to work in 
PALESTINE, and Songs, In presence falls 
deceiv'd The doubts that smooth ADONIS from on 
Bitnet (Judy now hear mee of Locusts swarming 
next Provokes my being, Discursive, or 
Justice had from despair Our great 
Maker Omnipotent, Immutable, Immortal, Infinite, Eternal eye, 
His famine should be interpreted to endure? courageous Chief, 
The hollow dark Idolatries Of sooty coal the 
circuit walles this windie Sea flow'd Fast 
by soft showers; and Fish, Beast, and 
with calm Firmament; but Life in despair, 
to pass commodiously this agreement for such place 
of Palm-tree pleasantest to climbe. 
