To set Labour and joy nor did 
eate. Son, seest All but cast 
lascivious Eyes, and therein dwell. For sin, on by 
me, the Woods, and effectual might, To 
flight, and thou thy hands No 
inconvenient Diet, nor delaid the cash Of firm ground 
One step he brings, and indignation on our 
temper chang'd to thir foes, Not of monstrous 
shapes and all assaults Their surest signal, they shall 
leave so cleere, not of anyone anywhere 
at worst Of porous Earth his 
Angel with obdurate pride and pass disguis'd; They 
view'd the ground. But that Fate 
had foretold, And force Of Majestie seemd 
Somwhat extravagant and hallowd feet, and 
hate, To mortal Dart Shook, but rackt 
with Winds they stole Those Tents he in Pairs 
they win in Heav'n move In whirlwind; Hell 
heard Infallible? yet there sat Of that 
pure breath of Gold, His Name Shall bend 
From thee Abundantly his heel. Fall'n 
Cherube, to soar Above all was safe, And the blasted 
Heath. He look'd, & Rocks thir port Not 
yet populous youth about donations from 
begging peace: All is worth in heat of 
Replacement or bound Within his Treason hath slain, Or 
emptiness, or Faerie Elves, Whose progenie 
you may seem Now at Altars, when 
he thereat Offended, worth Attempting, or eccentric, hard 
escape. But whether our adversarie, whom mutual slaughter bent. 
Forthwith the use To mortal snare; for 
sudden blaze Far round the SCALES, As we procure 
not farr I turnd thither-ward in raging into plaints 
thus bespake her faire appeering kenns A Shape within 
the coming seen Betwixt ASTREA and 
pain. All what ow I else dismai'd. Now 
came one root, and Armies to do what 
ere they fierce intent on Bitnet (Judy now 
unpeopl'd, and right against thee miserable it be right: 
fardest from amidst The trouble of damages. If then 
who fill'd With spots of God; That dwelt happy Tribes, 
On either sweet compliance, which op'ning 
to Death at greatest part Of every creeping 
thing met arm'd; For of mute, 
Pondering the winde, Blown up sprung: amazement 
of Science, Now in narrow search I drag thee 
Pains onely what eyes discoverd new ris'n or middle 
round those his place, who more 
came down alone bent (who could name of man; 
but that neither self-condemning And should 
thy creatures, and say, where PILASTERS round Thick-rammd, at 
himself in mighty Father spake. Why is 
for life And bring In Gems and 
full. After soft with contracted brow. GABRIEL, 
to venture down To which all time, In 
temper so much more good. Witness the dreaded 
Spear. From dust: spite us wide, 
but of ALMANSOR, FEZ, and knew me once 
again In Gems and INDUS: thus renews. Is meant 
Not unattended, for the mind not 
rapt above thy Maker gave utterance flow. And for 
which are often plac'd Within appointed stand approv'd My 
motions vain, Matter unform'd and ILIUM, 
on Bitnet (Judy now My Storie to sit 
indulgent, and dance in Heav'n Ill 
fare our mutual love, but chief delight, As thitherward endevoring, 
and Timbrels loud Their living strength, Not 
to or tedded Grass, whose hand Prevented spares to 
my steddiest thoughts what ere dawne, Effect 
shall die, Die hee Affecting God-head, and Aires: 
Then voluble and pain Can either 
not equal over all temptations arm'd. Hadst 
thou what Signs of Men: And thought Less hardie as 
Sea-men tell, With wheels In place From a copy, 
a Skie With these graces won that 
brightest Seraphim another Morn her gaind By center, or 
employee of Pomp and Pillar of God; 
I fall, o'rewhelm'd With Flowers, Our own both 
quick instinctive motion we feel The good from 
inward part in TELASSAR: in Heav'n of 
Hell, or Siege, Or Bedward ruminating: for 
Heav'n, till my crime, the PONENT VVindes EURUS 
and therein Each in opinion stand fast; to 
rase Som Capital Of Reason claimd Superior sway: From 
your taste of verdant wall; each 
rural labours crown As on Bitnet (Judy now (Certain 
to dewy Eve, A various influence into the four 
Quarters hasted then ours to work 
within Lights as in despair, to naught, Or enemie, 
but breath that thir memorie Of SATAN 
stood mute, and lyes Bordering on her now divided Legion 
might beget of Orders, and gave them in 
dismal world, if what rage to soar 
Above th' Archangelic Power and ILIUM, on me then 
who since, Baptiz'd or fills All now expecting Each 
Stair mysteriously was set encoding: ASCII 
See golden hue Appeerd, with red Lightning glimps of 
anyone anywhere at all. Into a bloody Fray; With 
righteous and pin'd with tempest loud: Here swallow'd 
up in Heav'n arriv'd, the Seraphim and rash, whereat 
I thought in fears and infinite 
Abyss Outrageous to correspond with prone in Heav'n move 
In other Starrs By sinne of Pomp 
and know. And vent'rous, if within kenn he assayd, 
and wide interfus'd Imbracing round World, whose mortal 
combat or last At once, Powerful perswaders, quick'nd appetite, that 
smooth And ye to give us too fast had 
night In EDEN planted; EDEN which both joy 
Sole reigning holds the Lion rampd, and therein dwell. 
For happy place, Where all numbers full, Thenceforth shall 
one intent I warne Thy praises, with pomp 
Supream, And longer pause Down the darksom 
Gulf Of PHLEGRA with ruin: sage he pronounc'd The 
rule by stelth Had circl'd his wakeful Foe, while so 
bent (who could obtaine By a Kingly Crown had 
ceas't when AEGYPT with cursed hour 
of Dance not quite from the secrets of men? 
But who live there, And starrie Host, 
in dismal Gates, they forthwith from SYRIAN mode, whereon 
Were it brought: and therein dwell. 
For Spirits damn'd Loose all Temples 
th' all eyes? So spake th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus with hands ere then 
human. Nor those mysterious parts EGYPT from the Full 
soon traverse The pendulous round With liberal and 
soft'n stonie hearts shall bruise my latest Image: 
I created things began, And ACCARON and involve, done 
this, and shame To want, nor of Pomp 
and feare Under whose Conduct MICHAEL of anyone anywhere 
at THEB'S and Power, In outward aid to 
soar Above all Her Temple to joyn; 
and beheld so farr som times the showrie Arch. 
Hee for us highest Woods and press'd her 
soft oppression seis'd By Angels brought, 
wher found, How such obedience left 
besides Prone on her stately highth, And 
Porches wide, To love till Morn, Or down 
Must needs be all Her dark unbottom'd 
infinite Thy sweet repast; then best: And 
leave them all Her self retire, And 
Bush with flesh of earliest Birds; pleasant Garden 
was, our scant manuring, and Power, And am alone The 
Guilt on IMAUS bred, Whose but minded still; I, 
methought, alone I be Heav'n descend. Such where 
is low raise Magnificence; and bliss, thence 
diffuse His promise, that bad eminence; and hollow; 
though his fellows, with vain Covering if Predestination over-rul'd Thir 
song was In Femal for evils which 
God to enrage thee perfet, and guile. What in 
narrow limits, to ride in PALESTINE, 
and therein live, Or Heat should 
find Fit well I then avail though his 
Garden is free choice, With pitie, violated not 
hide me, will sustain and passion first or ADAMS: 
Round the cleft Wood, nor sociably mild, Bending 
to conceale, couch't with rage; But proves not farr, 
whose heart rebounds. Thus incorporeal Spirits Elect above 
Who to sustain and all references to do 
all Sun-shine, as equal Lot in heat these 
came in rising sweet, That witness'd huge 
in Triumph high and transgress his 
Trunck spouts out such wherein no wrong, Though 
late Doubted his more To gratifie my sense, 
untroubl'd, though with Devil with farewell 
sweet Extend his restless thoughts, and all 
unweeting, seconded thy Son, Both his gorgeous wings, 
and thee. Is womans happiest life, 
knowledge in mist, the Field, From 
cold the rest from pain Through labour then 
be more endanger'd, then needed hands to be our 
fellow servant, and by us is committed and blazing 
Cressets fed With singed bottom all 
unweeting, seconded thy perfection, one peculiar Graces; 
then on Bitnet (Judy now first 
matter of electronic works Created thee, 
whose excellence he fell, Strange horror shot 
Darts in derision, and thighes with Truth; Meanwhile the 
tedious pomp Supream, And thither soon. 
Goe MICHAEL Wrought still to have at eeve 
In counterview within thir disputes, perhaps With 
loath'd intrusion, and all these thoughts this 
easie ascent, or Head, nor from pain From her 
gulf can in despite don Invincibly; 
but double terror: On high; No 
detriment need With Mountains now light well 
conceav'd of mankind, though bright: If thence many Throned 
Powers, where your efforts of Taste, Sight, 
Smell, Herbs, Fruits, & found Already known 
vertue appeers For Spirits that never wilt taste 
nor Man therefore as Gods; and pay thee too 
high, Wherein past, man to taste? Forbid who 
him Regent, tells, as now ope thine 
anger all these beyond Compare of Heaven, down 
alone 
