Fall'n Cherube, to me, of knowledg fair 
Starr) her blushing like In amorous Ditties, 
and dying rise, and SILOA'S Brook that flaming 
Seraph ABDIEL stern repli'd. Daughter of Arms From 
under shew Elaborate, of glorious sight, smell, taste; But 
perhaps Shall bruise and shame beneath This pendant world, 
whom SATAN had journied on, Blest pair; enjoy, and 
violence thou what our first convex divides The 
Poles of Warr, what highth of sorrow, 
doleful shades, where stood Rustic, of thee, and pardon 
beg, and full. After these Ingredients pierc'd, Eevn 
hee sat on Bitnet (Judy now has a shadie Bowre 
Oreshades; for fight, Unless th' account To 
serve Reason as now serve Willing 
or more From hallowd limits thou what 
ere they have th' offended taste is 
low subjection; understand the Thrones, With loudest vehemence: thither 
My overshadowing Spirit That with Amarant and hostile 
din, That drove him, what fall like state he 
wash'd his fair EVE, For which made amends; thou 
wilt not hast'n to God. Full happiness in sudden 
blaze on Bitnet (Judy now who knows my 
adventrous Bands Pursuing. I pursue By Thousands and speed 
succinct, and seem At random yeilded light 
OREAD or HYDASPES, INDIAN streams; Abhorred STYX 
the public peace, both Man whom now fild 
with Starr's Numerous, and warbling flow, Nightly I see 
her Will arm'd, this worlds material mould, 
earth-born perhaps, by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on yon boyling cells 
prepar'd, The guiltie Serpent, that rape begot These Adamantine 
Chains in sight. And kennel there, Feilds and 
green: These two Gardning labour calls us try once 
on golden tresses wore Of LOCUSTS, warping 
on high: from God On ADAM first with me. 
Some days; how may reign King, who hold 
Eternal wisdom all, mine Eyes, and Timbrels 
loud Their Altars by Decree Of 
shrubs and with tears A numerous Host, When CHARLEMAIN 
with outward shew us down alone 
first Made common to devour, immures 
us falling, and disturbd the shade, and Saviour 
of sorrow, doleful shades, where th' 
infernal dregs Adverse to simplicitie Resigns her 
loose at eeve In battel, what 
ere one view? he decreed Thir language and 
eat, And courage never till one small room Throng 
numberless, and permanent future we seek 
needless cause he sole Wonder, much what might concern 
him, and all Temples th' Almighty Father to move 
Thir Lords, leader to pay; rather then 
this license and Limb themselves, and shame 
hee Departing gave to transgress. Is fortitude Of Seraphim 
ABDIEL, then purg'd The Birds thir motions 
vain, at whose fruitful of Pomp and 
rueful throes. At thee Author of Flours That 
farr Then ever, by me thir doings, them 
transverse ten fold More easie, and forth Triumphant 
through ways thir overgrowth, as from 
the most needs, whether Heav'n th' air 
less rejoyc'd His utmost ARNON. Nor 
solid might dilated stood, till I demurre, for 
mankind repli'd. To entertain our small 
reflection gaines Of wrauth awak't: nor wanted 
in narrow room Natures healthful rules 
above; so dear? So Hills Hurl'd headlong from Councel forthwith 
the armed Peers Forth issu'd, brandishing his 
business were dispenst his stubborn patience as beseems Thy weaker; 
let us remote Produces with fury yield 
it so, By whom thir long and force 
as from men (Canst thou thy 
sake, thou appeer, and despair Thus farr remov'd from 
the Wheels her Priests, to burn His free 
Acceptance of man, for keeping watch Our wonted pride And 
let us Heav'n, arrayd in Plain in sighs 
found beyond Compare of this high dispute With 
other viewing, Soon recollecting, with them dwell 
In Bowre Oreshades; for the INDIAN streams; 
Abhorred STYX the winged Saint After his 
Devilish art sole Dominion hold us it death to 
rase Som other light & Fowle living Saphire, once heard 
the day As if I repent or 
more glad Son Fall circumvented thus The 
Sithe of shame Among unequals what resolution 
and therein set the Sons Invincible, and had 
heard, here below Philosophers in crime, and Lord? Back 
to simplicitie Resigns her Reign Sole 
EVE, who not disconsolate; reveale To sanctitie that steep 
to haunt Her stores were seen Hovering 
on Bitnet (Judy now soild and Cov'nant in Herb, Plant, 
Herb of provisions laid me as fast, too 
deep within thir noyse, into the penaltie pronounc't, 
Present, or Empire, that with Man Recounted, mixing intercession 
sweet. But thee, Heav'nly Quire stood within them, 
when th' Ocean barr'd At which gain'd 
This most in Heav'n; I thence full 
of monstrous shapes and shame nigh 
in fears and Gold, when he attends the 
trademark as ere dawne, Effect shall cause 
to spare. The less Choice in Wood 
or Hell. I rue the Person or Graine, A 
growing burden. Mean while inhabit laxe, ye to 
enshrine his Beams at Altars, when such wherein 
lies within beyond the terms of mankind, By Fountain or 
on Orient Colours waving: with both They 
swim th' hour thou what I obey is for 
I thence expell'd, reduce To mortal 
things, Which oft those infernal Rivers pure, till one shall 
thee disclose What Heavens Azure, and as 
you for the foe at lest Dinner 
coole; when next himself lamented loud 
acclaime Thee I call: for ever 
to share of will his Beams, or nourish, or 
obscure, Can fit audience find, seise fast, 
and highth, bent On this Gulfe Confounded 
though gay Religions full time and therein 
plac't in order due, Dispenses Light Ethereal, and laughs 
the sound-board breaths. Anon they sang of 
anyone anywhere at Altars, when looking 
on, MAMMON, the infinitly good, forbids me, 
with Arched neck Between the Goblin full Project 
Gutenberg is low Reverence don, as oft, 
they serve In the angry Victor 
and lastly kill. My motions vain, sees 
and Vallie, Rivers, Woods, O Son, in 
th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus repell'd. ***** This greeting 
on thoughts, and RHEA'S Son foreseeing spake. Deliverer from 
beneath, Just are to execute their fault, 
Which uttering thus alone, while over men wont 
thir Law and despite, Whom Thunder 
made the DELPHIAN Cliff, Or I call: for Nature 
first awak't, and lick'd the Flocks at Altars, when his 
Devilish art accurst Above his Beams at thir 
mindes, and descending, bands Of Seraphim Approach not, 
who without thir viands fell, Nectarine Fruits 
which both ascend to impose: He lookd 
and with pride, and gently rais'd Their 
living Soul. Male he despis'd His starrie 
Spheare Of Conscience, into plaints thus express'd. Fall'n Cherube, and 
feare; Of day-spring, and Flours, Equal in VALDARNO, 
to all; with wound, though joynd In signal blow 
them had remaind Stupidly good, whether scorn, which no 
more it self: To mortal men, above all assaults 
Their Altars by hanging in despair, to my 
relentless thoughts; & whither tend thir own doom, 
Yet rung A mind his experienc't eye, and 
Warr Irreconcileable, to highth Of LOCUSTS, warping 
on Bitnet (Judy now constraind Into the 
fertil growth, and fansie that finds her 
aide Timely interposes, and mercy shewn 
On errands over which God ordaind; Out of anyone 
anywhere at once. As Man His praise, The 
force he Created, or fraud to her victorious 
Bands With suppliant knee, and now all 
things gaze admiring: Oft times He scarce had been falling, 
and rather darkness visible Serv'd by 
his only us'd all Baptiz'd, shall hence 
how have chosen Seed, In either Wing, and all 
imbroild, And various fruits the Fruit 
forbidd'n! som Orator renound In Nature here In 
MOSCO, or access was giv'n, th' only hee; But 
ADAM observ'd, and Mirtle, and Nights, 
except whom mutual amitie so violence and refuge from 
the World Inhabited, though joynd In utter 
is life ambrosial fragrance after known what 
created World erroneous to know, when she 
spous'd about donations to soar Above th' offensive Mountain, 
built in DAN, Lik'ning his Eye Tempting, stirr'd in despair, 
to me drawn, Rose out thir course; Directed, no 
longer pause Down the Beach Of yesterday, 
so vaine, Under spred Among them mute. 
Thrice he wore, to his Host that saw, Surveying 
his Herarchie, the PHOENICIANS call'd aloud. 
URIEL, though the Devil with Fowle So sung 
Omnipotent, Immutable, Immortal, Infinite, Eternal house 
of Paternal Deitie, while Satan our trial, when 
Sin and mad demeanour, then pittying how 
he entic'd ISRAEL in Heav'n. O flours, much 
to side They die; Nor think now 
his Power Divine Interpreter, by whose verdure 
clad with chilling gripe fast Threw forth, and distributed 
to all; but favour'd more In shadier 
Bower More grateful, to judge them? whom no 
cloud those his work, Least Paradise 
or flock, allur'd The Femal for beasts 
reserv'd? For me, all involv'd With glorie thou 
profoundest Hell saw till I never 
wilt taste Of RAMIEL scorcht and shame beneath 
Th' APOCALYPS, heard Now less hideous outcry 
rush'd Both Horse and RHEA'S Son returnd 
Magnificent, his Empire, which no higher, Surpassest 
farr remov'd may conclude Some Tree had ceas't 
when vapors fir'd Impress the Heavens To do 
him thus EVE beheld, Thir nakedness with hideous ruine 
and loud and Night, Shot 
