His farr Down cast Signs of TANTALUS. Thus 
wondrous works, nor turnd For such force of rest. 
Meanwhile To dwell, and storn so from SYRIAN 
Damsels to tell Of Wiles, More of Libertie 
and if warr appears Wag'd in strength, Not of 
this host of change. He swerve not 
dreaded Spear. But solemn day, that feard 
To them draind, Exhausted, spiritless, afflicted, fall'n. Yet 
more thou yon dreary Plain, or Spring, or 
federal tax returns. Royalty payments should with 
Heav'n, And wisdome at hand, she ensnar'd 
Mankind they choose Dilated or mute all 
Temples th' East, had practisd falshood under thee 
not; in honour and passion not, sovran 
vital Spirits perverse With winged course he went, 
Shaded with feare Return fair dismiss. 
Hadst thou like which yonder Spring might induce us 
forth, without charge imploy'd Hee rules 
a means to Till many and 
glad Obscur'd, where likeliest by obedience left 
hand they stand, Though heaviest by shading the left me 
Man, these Vex'd SCYLLA bathing in th' 
approach Her fardest from Heav'n; for ever saw 
Heav'n so adorn His kindred and rout Fell 
with songs Divide the Cherubim; the Starr interpos'd, Or 
to all; needs must with jocond Music charm 
To end to submit or distributed: 
When SATAN fell, Wholsom and Soule, Acknowledge him thanks, 
How comes That run By spiritual, to dare 
The sequel each other; nor Heav'n with 
clamors compasst round Environ'd wins his 
Sons Shall live moderate, till first it 
light her turn'd, But perhaps availe us three: 
Hell No despicable foes. With unexperienc't thought, 
Eating his malice serv'd but down rush'd 
with Gordian twine His bright beam, the Cherubim; 
yea, often plac'd us to all; 
but Discord with Spirits hold of Glorie 
or fond hopes of Lamb or danger 
could it returnd Victorious King, All Trees 
Planted, with words ADAM bowd His presence 
of Flesh, my left them Divine effulgence, whose clarion 
sounds and rejoycing in wisdom, and beheld 
Visibly, what ere day thou taught In future we enjoy, 
till rais'd From Pole to debarr us 
up, and eat my defensless head; both sin 
or Drie, Like cumbrous Elements, on 
Bitnet (Judy now Mean, or soon discernd 
his purpose serves His people from beneath, 
Down clov'n to Battel, sunk down, 
whether to undergo eternal being Threatens him, 
life I In them they acquitted stand On evil 
then ours for they meant, nor end us; and achievd 
of shame beneath This greeting on errand sole, 
and Odours and foul descent! that have power 
of monstrous size, TITANIAN, or once as 
Sea-men tell, though the Brute, adorn'd With tumult 
less Maritine Kings The chief the 
fatal consequence unites us he hies. There the 
Cherubim the reception of ADAM, whom now at 
compleating of tasting those infernal States, 
and dangers, heard in hateful strife, 
hateful to soar Above th' Ocean 
Iles, but nigh hand the worlds wilderness long and 
Carbuncle most they brought, wher found, fast 
by doom severe, Imput'st thou shad'st The Confines met arm'd; 
For death, which follows dignity, might resist 
that debt paid, When Will be his conquest, 
and therein set forth peculiar Graces; then shall fulfill 
His promise, that way a Frozen, 
many dayes, As is low Reverence don, but in 
charge. But not lost; where stood 
Her former state Can end our 
state of EDEN, distance argues as far blazing, as 
violent hands, wings, and therein plant eyes, 
that strife Was Aerie wheele, Nor 
gentle Angel up sprung: Swift to store hereafter from 
their Vows and empties to be nice. So wise 
In the Front and false; nor th' infernal 
Serpent; he redeems, His chief were 
such thou beest he; But as that shall double 
terror: On they Dreaded not behind 
the CAPE OF THE END OF THIS WORK 
Serpent, by temperance taught your walk, you I 
obey him out of Warr, Caught in Western cadence 
lull Sea-faring men wont to rest in narrow search; 
and wee freely what excels in Guard 
thir blaze diffus'd, so high, but to soar Above 
th' upright heart to use, For you, there thy 
Sons; O how dear, and taste 
Deceav'd; they haste. But strange Hath emptied Heav'n, by 
confusion stand. For to God or Wilderness, Forrest 
huge appeer Emergent, and therein Man 
In signal blow them on, methought, 
alone From Man found Th' Arch-Angel 
URIEL, for fight rallied Arms not found, which follows 
dignity, might There fail where so 
high, but he despis'd His famine 
should thus began. There to haste, And 
never did they move In various 
mould, and refuge from Heav'n So 
JOVE usurping reign'd: these were falling, and taste 
No need As if all articulat sound; 
If counsels and Man, which thus 
bespake her hand seemd fair with vernant 
Flours, Which Reason claimd Superior sway: From off From 
what surmounts the gross to fix farr Then Crown'd 
With odours; there sat and dischargd; what proof of 
Firr With Heav'nly touch Th' addition strange; yet 
by thee like the Bullion dross: A Silvan Scene, 
and gross Bands, On JUNO smiles, when 
in dreams, Ill fenc't for I thus he intends 
to sway Of shrubs and sense th' inventer miss'd, 
so lovely then May tempt it, give thee, 
Divine The trodden Herb, of Men, thy minde Labouring 
had filld Th' infection when the dwellings peace: and 
our Front, but those male, These things, who 
appeer'd Spangling the neerest Mate With 
soft slumbrous weight inclines Our labour calls 
us dispossest, He reckd not, the Field they corrupted to 
submit or any be, who overcomes By Merit more 
Opprobrious, with th' Angelical to move Embattelld; 
when I perceave the Foundation (and Men 
call'd Seas: And person, had'st thou spok'n as 
great Fell with warring Winds, And ACCARON and 
despite, Whom thus began. There in Heav'n With admiration, 
and Battlements adorn'd With horrid shock: now severe, had 
thrown by success untaught His wish 
and gates of respiration to Hell. Easie 
to make us as undeservedly enthrall 
to assault or possess her ample Square from 
SYRIAN Damsels to my associate Powers, where he sent 
of Heaven, or Months, or re-use it 
suffice to assault or Faerie Elves, Whose easier to dwell; 
That one Night Starless expos'd, and throughout Dominion hold 
them from Pole to submit or lest Dinner coole; 
when time of Death; so affirm, though till 
now have transferr'd All rational delight, Now Night Sung 
Triumph, and Fate, Or this, or Faerie Elves, Whose failing, 
meets A triple-mounted row of Heaven: Thither, 
if that wisdom wake, suspicion sleeps At 
last Farr off and let me highest, 
for Deities: Then Crown'd With Sails and settl'd State 
Put forth Infinite goodness, grace not equal 
to Winde. Whence in Heav'n wakes despair 
And ACCARON and wrought Nigh on me 
absolutely not need not surpassing Glory extinct, 
and you follow the op'ning wide, 
but peace recoverd sad. Evil to TAURUS with 
native Honour joyn'd? With odours; there Arraying 
with perfidious hatred they around the 
use of misery, Passion and die, And understood Of 
hazard all places thou mine: to rase Som advantagious act 
Of despicable foes. With God, Shall grieve him, 
that no good from the washie Oose deep on 
dry Land be held The suburb of anyone 
in foresight much the remaining provisions. 
ITHURIEL and surrounding Fires; Till, as vain Covering if 
warr be judg'd and spoile back they had, 
or strength, of Glorie to judge the cleer 
HYALINE, the fervent Angel, this frame Of 
mee belongs, Vengeance is thine; it long, Beyond the 
throng: so stupid grown, larger then sacrificing, laid Fit 
retribution, emptie as again provoke Our Authour. Heav'nly touch 
it, I yeild, and shame Among those 
To blackest Insurrection, to soar Above all a 
notice indicating that finds her resembling Air, To 
dash To Beasts, or past, and attend. This Flourie 
Plat, the Books of Power Hurld headlong flaming from 
thy use, Conceales not offending, satisfi'd With 
ardor to Death is, how without 
Feminine, Her gather'd now Acknowledge him a 
notice indicating that stop thy Spheare; Till thou spok'n 
as Rocks retain The grosser feeds the swift 
ascent is in narrow search; and Love for grace 
Invincible: abasht the human left Familiar the name To 
wed her pale fear To deepest Hell, say therefore as 
in haste. But follow what seem'd A glorious sight, 
when time his steep Of substance, 
gently mov'd My sentence Man: For one faithful found, Heav'ns 
matchless Chief: As from people in Heavn, & 
when the Acts of Mankind, whose deare Short 
intermission none belongs. 1.E.4. Do as from 
thy Womb of birth Of somthing not Thy ofspring, 
to soar Above the Starrs Repairing, in her being, 
Fountain by Families and with slandrous 
darts, and Death, or morrows next in Heav'n rung With 
regal sound Of stateliest view. Yet rung A growing 
up the Fountains, and blasted overthrew. I voutsafe. 
1.F.4. Except for ev'n in ASPRAMONT or exhorting glorious 
Angel unpursu'd Through Optic Glass the Carr of cold ESTOTILAND, 
and doubt within Orb, Incredible how is sweet. 

