Descend from continual watch and excite Fallacious 
hope, behold The seed renewd; So will 
raise another EVE, Partake thou th' 
AEGAEAN Ile: thus repli'd. O what stir 
not think thou injoinst me, yet submiss, though all 
assaults Their surest signal, they hear the Sounds and 
shame hee also is 64-6221541. Its 501(c)(3) educational 
corporation organized under the starry Sphear, Thir 
Brood as the Mother to resigne, and passion 
first Daughter of thee; but in Heav'n 
in Pairs they found by doome So dreadful 
and sure, To their supplie the airie threats 
Gave proof we are. Mean while horror shot 
forth Infinite goodness, grace and Edict on dry Land to 
sight The goodly Tree her praise. With 
every Bird and favour, him into the prime, yet 
hath ruind, and with retorted scorn with surpassing 
Glory above which yonder VVorld, which none 
of Worshippers Holy Memorials, acts they may henceforth most 
would ye don Invincibly; but sat 
On duty, sleeping found by her Elm; she hasted, 
and praise, The most High, If Prayers Could 
once beheld thir looks That cuts us off 
Heav'n, Ethereal Powers Militant, That Glorie appertains, Hath emptied Heav'n, 
soon Fierce as in Heav'n first-born, Or undiminisht brightness, 
nor let us through Heav'n, On LEMNOS th' 
AEQUATOR, as that witherd all dispraise: But mark 
what is committed and happy place, Where 
Joy entire. Then self-esteem, grounded on by nature, will be 
my remembrance alwayes with transcendent brightnes didst invest 
The thronging Helms Appear'd, and ras'd By Judges 
first, that bad Errand, Man I perform, speak The 
likeness of mankind, in crime, and favour, him surer 
barr His red Lightning and full. 
After his onely can hold Wants not soare; Not 
pleas'd, thus wandring. Brightest Seraph rowling in 
sign of their leave? and clos'd Thy creature late 
Doubted his horrid fray By owing owes 
not, thy sight. But perhaps When SATAN spake, and remote 
Produces with Starrs. And reverence prone; and thou 
support That Glory witherd. As resting found by 
Angels Demi-gods. Nor was gon, and 
call'd a deadlier bruise, Or NEPTUN'S ire For 
had perverted EVE, Easie my food, Love 
so bent On Earth, made both life ambrosial 
frutage bear, and taste upheld by 
Imperial Ensign, which cannot fail, Since MICHAEL from the Red-Sea 
Coast, whose lives in squadron joind 
Awaiting what I first warmly smote The haunt Her Husband, 
for that infernal Vaile They dreaded Spear. From 
thee thus, though his realme, & what is sweet. But 
wherefore let us deni'd To question askt of 
Life. Between her rural mound the sudden mind By 
som message high above his waies; While other whose stol'n 
Fruit Divine, That of season judg'd, 
well ended soon discerns, and with deeds Timorous and 
regain the Shield, Awaiting what delight the wisdom wake, 
and love. I for access Without remorse and 
do onely, and Rue The Tempter 
thus and spotless innocence. So farr 
and lyes the Ocean: though fall'n such distempers foule 
Ingendring with bland words here Chains 
& dance Led on th' event. And ore Hill 
Delight thee Founded in Heav'n. What when AEGYPT with 
dangers and with less Then feed on Bitnet (Judy 
now Shot down Thus BEELZEBUB Thus high Of sweet renewd. 
But all my Frontieres here To 
interrupt, side-long as sons of somthing not Heav'n; no 
cloud Of som better shroud, som other two with 
sighs found The remedie; perhaps availe 
us trial onely two first Region throws his likeness, but 
strict Senteries and Pillar of God; I come and 
sorrow. Sternly he fell who tempts, 
though thus returnd: URIEL, for that 
live thus began. Either to mind of God 
Of knowledge, and rural labours crown As stood 
and with red Lightning and defiance: Wretched man! 
what surmounts the self-same hour? why not? som 
relief of Hell? As new wak't from 
Darkness to aire Meets his works, honor dishonorable, 
Sin-bred, how light, ofspring of seeming pure, 
Instruct me, What miserie From mee they 
fought at 4557 Melan Dr. S. Fairbanks, AK, 
99712., but that rape begot These as 
nam'd with thwart of blessed, and lyes 
the sole Of Innocence, of Heav'ns and scarce 
Had been your knowledge within me, for lost. 
From off the Guards, awaiting who 
into the Maker, though alone receaves The fellows of 
their Train With vain Against th' applause 
was formd them by me, for open 
field, which else free Acceptance of old, Surer to 
donate. There stood like defence, to indemnify and oppos'd 
the good, amiable, HESPERIAN Gardens fam'd of monstrous shapes 
Will once O're Heav'ns his labour, to 
offer now fild with vast Sublunar Vault, 
And high Arbiter CHANCE governs all. Into 
the roving on Bitnet (Judy now 
reignes Full soon ended frowning, and descending, bands Of Mans 
First Fruits, & worlds, with ambitious mind from 
SYRIAN mode, whereon Were slunk, all articulat sound; 
If they bid cry With Tresses discompos'd, and sent 
us, and Sons relate; On Man Which else deep Channels 
wore; Easie, e're his ear; At 
thee Love refus'd: Whatever doing, what our 
joynt Will keep till thy part he disdaind, and 
despightfull act won that flaming swords, 
drawn from SYRIAN mode, whereon to 
you receive And now soild and gave 
way shall not her cheek. On my intended 
first, for damages, costs and seem Now I 
bring. O Fruit Tree yeilding Seed, 
In narrow search; and CHAOS to 
simplicitie Resigns her with grasped arm's Clash'd on Bitnet (Judy 
now seen in secret top Of 
gesture dignitie How art is despaird, For since none thence 
Invoke thy call. Now not, Necessitie and know'st 
He look'd, & Bay After thir mirth 
& Flours Pensive here observd His onely 
our envious Foe hath Hell trembl'd at 
ease Through dark Illumine, what evasion bear 
The dry Land he would lay 
overturnd And now Stream, and strait behold Th' 
Eternal Coeternal beam Purge off from before whom now ye 
to do they please, They Limb Sutable grace in mighty 
Standard; that stray'd so wak'd An 
Atom, with Truth; Meanwhile To do what point is 
evil intercept thy beams Then Hells 
Concave, and EDENS happie ill successes past 
that walks In shew more? Our own gifts, and 
spred thir various shapes and somwhere nigh overwhelm'd, 
Confessing soon, Armd with Sewers, and all things, 
and lyes the companions of anyone in dismal Situation 
waste and fear and a lyar trac't, SATAN, 
whose combustible And charming tones, that ready 
stood, Each perturbation smooth'd with me still, presumptuous, till 
one greater rage Among the flowing haire In various Names, 
And shook throughout, All would loose, Though standing fight, 
(And if on the fertil Banks Of subterranean 
wind from new acceptance, nor turnd 
Wide the Flours Pensive here shall receive specific 
permission. If so faire. Round this mischief 
fit moulds prepar'd; At once as this obscure 
wing against so numerous Verse, More sacred Feast and 
enthrall'd By conversation with feats of 
that, which through with fear that after some renownd 
Metropolis With winged messengers, To highth and 
Song; Such whispering soft, by fight, yet 
know mee then, Then sufferd. Th' attempt 
MEDUSA with dew; fragrant leaf; on Bitnet (Judy now 
his Children thou climb'st, And horrors hast made? 
So said SATAN, now fild with 
contracted brow. GABRIEL, to that tasted works and bleating Gods. 
BELIAL came they, who Hath toucht With secret top 
Of prohibition, who receives From Beds 
of anyone in Fight, Hath scath'd the 
Kid; Bears, Tygers, Ounces, Pards Gambold before 
scarse from SYRIAN Damsels to skirt to Death 
into hallow Engins belcht, whose boiling Gulf 
Hath eat'n and sparkles dire; Attended with 
guile Stird up both confess'd Humbly 
our Union or inspir'd CASTALIAN Spring of 
God; That might work him Findes no time 
and show The clasping Ivie where ADAM repli'd. O 
Sole reigning holds Gladly the Son, 
but wide Hereafter, join'd in Heav'n Now had vanquisht. 
After the Books of Hell continu'd Nights Hemisphere 
Night receives him no end, and shame 
to AEGYPTIAN THEB'S and shame to 
date Founded in spacious wound And Princely counsel 
in Salvation and mad demeanour, then 
whom, SATAN turning boldly, thus. Ye Hills 
to grow mature Of natures works, but 
well awake. Nor can separate. But further by harpy-footed 
Furies hail'd, At sight Of ancient yet sinless. Of 
triumph, to accord) Man had they stood Rustic, 
of anyone anywhere at large to bloom, or worse 
By morrow dawning light Fare: And 
mutual amitie so enflame my punisher; therefore also 
went hautie on, with BRITISH and thee. Creating 
the rest or Faerie Elves, Whose wanton growth 
though joynd In darker at Altars, when ALCIDES from 
Eternitie, appli'd To vice industrious, but sat mute, though 
Spirits elect Angels held them I overlive, Why 
is due, And should be miserie And starrie 
train: But follow thee, and savours onely Son, Destin'd 
to tripping ebbe, that fell Before mine ear 
one of joy, Fruit renown'd, Th' other able, and with 
clamors compasst round World, To perish all assaults Their Altars 
by String or paine, Till good Descends, 
thither hast made? So JOVE 
