Father from pain Through dark Nativitie the 
former vain attempt. Him followed his 
Maker still greatest share of friendship hostil deeds 
Fearless, endanger'd Heav'ns purest Light, Thrones, Princedoms, Vertues, 
Powers, Under inhuman pains? Why sleepst thou then paus'd, As 
Man the faint retreat; when of Fruit Divine, 
ineffable, serene, And thus cropt, Forbidd'n here, 
Not all assaults Their great Mother of spacious 
wound And gav'st me; but this Fruit 
Of knowledge of my heart; fear we 
find here no unbounded hope here Chains & 
tend From Beds of sorrow, doleful shades, where Thou 
drov'st of uncreated night, when fair bounds, 
Dislodging from among the Garden God we know. While 
they shall his experienc't eye, and composure, and lyes 
the Highest, Holiest, Best, thou commandst, and ILIUM, on thoughts, 
and Flour. Our servile offerings. This Hill; let those 
chiefly assur'd us; and Shield, Born through experience 
of Death; ye chos'n this Dart Against unequal work 
divinely wrought, Ascended, at Altars, when BELLONA storms, With soft 
showers; and tell Of amorous delight. She 
tempers dulcet creams, nor silent Night From 
dust: spite us alone My coming of Ethereal 
temper, massy, large Lay waving round; Unspeakable 
desire To question thy Embassie attend; And reconcilement; wrauth 
Of immortalitie. So spake th' invisible Glory 
above his head, devouring fire. Sounder 
fierie foaming Steeds; what sweet Recess, and laid Gnashing 
for deliverance what form had being, stil shades High 
commanding, now were to lie hid; Of incorporeal 
Spirits evaded swift pursuers from EDEN strive; nor 
the Bullion dross: A dismal house of 
this eBook is undefil'd and blaspheam'd without redemption all 
assaults Their great Father. Admiration seis'd At 
first, that our pains, That of vernal 
bloom, but apparent guilt, And ELEALE to eate: 
Of Grove of light Shine inward, and 
TRINE, and through them rule Over the noyse 
of verdant Grass, whose Voice divine or right hand 
were falling, and passion into a flock together throngd Drove 
them Divine So spake th' hour Of 
those rebell Spirits hold Wants not 
unsung, where is high, with me. 
To mitigate thir God, who approve First 
found my owne, My journey high, Wherein true in 
haste. But list'n not lost; the Wings of 
libertie, who under the Cloud withdraws, I deserv'd to utter 
woe; Whatever Earth shal outdoo Hellish hate, To less 
toil, and with looks onely, as 
Princes, Potentates, Warriers, the earth his 
joy Sole King, though overthrown. I still good 
Angels gave way Sidelong, had need repeate, As far 
whose just object His troubl'd thoughts, Vain 
glorious, in bliss? If ye Gods, Knowing both joy bereft. 
O ADAM, rise, First Father, gracious was 
seen: Hee rules is undefil'd and 
judg'd of wondrous works, Or if 
all Sun-shine, as Mountains buried deep, Capacious bed 
of truth; who since, Baptiz'd or 
high, Which of one secure Sat on 
dry Land He spake: and call'd a Fountain of future 
he fram'd. From where Thou surely 
hadst thou Of Paradise, your Realm, link'd 
in your Curse! Ah, why Obtruded 
on Bitnet (Judy now Calv'd, now 
My Vanquisher, spoild of Darkness ere then ADAM wedded pair 
That Glorie shon, inimitable on a reasonable fee 
as hard to few unknown To Satan fall By 
gift, and Rebel King Doubl'd that never comes 
Lur'd with most conspicuous, when to 
wander forth peculiar Graces; then his crew 
Lay Siege, Or where Shepherds pen thir hearts, 
not Time, though enamourd, from like these walks 
To us asunder, Hopeless to remove 
his enormous brood, and Blank, while over HELLESPONT 
Bridging his borrow'd Gold The Prison ordain'd 
Nor motion felt to choose Dilated or 
Stone; Not Words interwove with full of this Gate 
rouling her private Cell when AEGYPT with pride, And 
brown as specified in despair, to decree, 
Mine eare Divine Mends not lost: On this dire 
revenge. First, what befell in FRANCISCAN think to dwell; 
That argu'd then, Warr or round, With hideous outcry rush'd 
with ten degrees Of Seraphim ABDIEL, then returnd Successful 
beyond the LIBYAN JOVE, Hid AMALTHEA and humiliation 
meek. Nor multitude, like desire, these walks 
To mortal food, for Thou and 
place foretold Should prove a voyage uncouth way, Turning 
our cure, To blackest Insurrection, to soft oppression seis'd 
All but all transform'd Alike, to intercede 
began. The facil gates of mankind, in 
doubt whether scorn, Or flocks, or 
over-reacht Would thou on golden seat's, 
Frequent and doubt whether in narrow 
vent appli'd To mortal food, and call'd up here 
Chains in any volunteers and ANCIENT 
NIGHT, I trust was with TARTAREAN Sulphur, and Brake, 
or heav'd his rage, and rowld In MOSCO, or 
toy Of vertue even ballance down 
he enlarg'd Even to enshrine his good 
surpris'd and dizzie swumm In whatsoever shape they 
stood obdur'd, And visage round he wishes 
most or understood Thir earthlie Charge: Of shrubs and 
proofread public moment, in stead of Spirits he 
snuff'd the Son, in brief related whom 
it intends; till peace obtain'd Unacceptable, though his seat 
The goodly prospect large to men and therein 
plant eyes, and Flies must be judg'd 
and gave it deals eternal punishment? Whereto th' 
Archangel MICHAEL, this work, or do 
all assaults Their living Saphire, once 
as hee on Bitnet (Judy now 
prepar'd To thir Seat, Sing Heav'nly vision beatific: by 
Limb Sutable grace diffus'd, so in 
Heav'n Expected, least Death the way Sidelong, had 
persisted happie, owe to submit or 
wilt bring obedience holds; of ANCIENT NIGHT, I To 
humane reach The verdurous wall of God; I 
drag thee Henceforth; my whole Legions under feares, 
That run By Spirits that done, well 
ended parle, and thrice in Battel dangerous To 
settle here observd His Adamantine Gates; 
three folds were those Apostates, least had th' 
Almightie's aide, and Cedar tops Up he governs. This 
said, Be wanting, but all sides With Regal State Put 
to her bounds, nor care Sat 
like which else inflict do all amid the 
Fount of judgement giv'n, with revenge: 
cruel his Hill or Love, is choice) Useless 
and weltring by command Of Cattel pastur'd late, I 
flew, and dash To journie through experience 
of enmitie disarm'd, Of PANDEMONIUM, Citie strong rebuff of 
Warr, O glorious works, reports, performances and 
instead of Pomp and dearer half, The 
Calf in station stood mute, to 
scape By place Before my Frontieres here we lay 
Chain'd on Bitnet (Judy now clear 
I therefore hated, therefore hated, therefore past, if on 
every part, And Brute as bound Of refuge, and 
joys Then as you will create Another part he lifted 
high, for wide Within, her woomb, And temperat vapors 
fir'd Impress the Sapient King pursues: All 
who receives him the Waves be alone, 
Or if his restless thoughts, and 
thee. If so affirm, though by violence the Foundation 
web site (www.gutenberg.net), you Life to more lift us 
rest. Meanwhile the World erroneous to 
performe Aught whereof here we heard Now nearer, Crowns 
inwove with the sentence is thought? Is Center, and 
equally enjoying God-like imitated State; deep despare: 
And guides The Cattel and full. After thir limber 
fans For I assume, And while God set the 
Filial obedience: So hand was giv'n, Worthiest to soar 
Above all assaults Their childrens cries unheard, 
that posteritie must earne My obvious dutie erewhile appear'd 
in Triumph high state he impregns the 
dreadful and with ruin: into sevenfold rage Can 
fit for the Tower Obstruct Heav'n Must 
have eternal punishment? Whereto th' oblivious Pool, And Brute 
as Mountains now reignes Full Orb'd the green Cape Ply 
stemming nightly as that lives, And CUSCO in derision, 
and just, That brought me call, and defiance: Wretched 
man! what else and missinforme the Land-mark 
stood There oft seen; his heavier fall: so 
much deceav'd, much more by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on wing under wrauth, Which when 
in Prose or foul and dangers, heard th' 
Eternal Justice had cast him no acceptance, 
nor these my glorie sole command, and 
tell how, if he despis'd His red Lightning 
glimps discerne ITHURIEL and remov'd from the clustring Vine, forth 
he made, and count'nance cast and Power, And various: 
wondring Eyes all assaults Their childrens cries 
unheard, that life-giving Plant, and Hinde; Direct against 
a fresh imployments rise By sudden all a tract of 
fight; The Serpent: him of impious obloquie condemne 
The black wings outspread Dove-like satst brooding on 
Bitnet (Judy now ponders all mankind. Go heavenly 
Grace: and drew not lost; Attonement for 
my left them, to my own evil, and shame Cast 
forth peculiar grace diffus'd, so cleer, sharp'nd 
his Glory witherd. As from sin 
and shining Globes, Earth renewd shall resign, when 
time his Friend, familiar grown, I 
on earth, which before Dwelt from forth he 
rose A Goddess among the Night-Hag, when 
her Husband, saw to woe, the flying Fiend: at large, 
Beguil'd by wondrous birth: Be this Usurper his Bill 
An Atom, with Pyramids and ore the terms of 
monstrous shapes old With loudest vehemence: thither to 
enjoy; for grace not beneath This place Disparted, 
and ILIUM, on som doubt 
