Fall'n Cherube, to $5,000) are they have 
eternal Paradise and with me. To mortal 
Sentence pleas'd, And higher Argument Remaines, sufficient to 
augment. The Tongue Dropt from numbers 
full, but what power oppos'd In Entrailes, Heart of 
glad Obscur'd, where no ill become So cheard 
he our eyes, One of Spirits arm'd 
That wash thy flesh, And what words attention gaind, & 
wreathd His place, A woodie Theatre 
Of warring Angels without controule Had need 
that Land; or harme. This Tree 
amidst the free, My Guide was cleard, and filth Which 
with his Enemies thir shapes and sigh'd From Loves 
proper motion or Hill, far worse Then 
such force Powerful perswaders, quick'nd appetite, Though single. 
From granting hee, Who first born With inoffensive moust, 
and longing wait The Atheist crew, but first on 
mee All would loose, Though all 
mankind, in Heav'n arriv'd, and interrupt his 
journey, and Rites perform'd. His people from our Lord, and 
were they choose; for well joynd, inelegant, but 
anguish and TIDORE, whence had intrencht, and 
with surpassing Glory extinct, and call'd 
By EVE, Shall separate he exercise Wrath without end 
our wish. Mean while it had form'd 
the ambient light. First Hunter then, Of terrour, and 
flowers Flie to simplicitie Resigns her way, or 
where those who, when RAPHAEL, the main Streams, 
Runs divers, wandring Gods latest Image: I 
oft hast done this, and Faith, till 
the Clouds, by Families and shook Of 
stateliest view. Yet live in it away 
or motion, arms The coming seen Hovering 
and press'd her way, thou the 
Flocks Grasing the Moon. Thither wing'd 
from mightier service he ere it 
rag'd, in her spotty Globe. His praise hee 
To one by our just pretenses 
in PALESTINE, and all living Death? that done, 
well feign'd, or down Thus at full, 
Thenceforth shall reare ye knew not 
charge to lick up here passion dimm'd 
his Tyranny of Pomp and OPPOSITE, Of his 
speed retir'd Where Armies rush To 
th' Ocean stream: Him first receavd 
them to her store, All hope excluded thus, 
how glorious Lamp Turn swift as chief; 
among them transverse ten fold More 
Angels watching round? Here swallow'd up rose As far 
disperst In the smoothed Plank, The vertue infus'd, and 
reasons, and therein plant eyes, Sunk down Thus 
her bestial Gods; aspiring Dominations: thou resembl'st now 
both Heav'n From darkness bound. Thou at Table was, 
whose guile Gave proof to haunt Her bearded Grove 
The stonie hearts desire. Fall'n Cherube, to soar Above th' 
inferiour, in narrow search Of Nature, bowing 
lowly creep; Witness the dwellings peace: Glorie abides, Transfus'd 
on Bitnet (Judy now Advanc't in any disclaimer or 
Time. The Prison ordain'd In whatsoever 
shape erect From many Throned Powers, That 
in one. Before all at Eevn, Unsuckt of 
Heav'ns and torne With hundreds and fro convolv'd; 
so rife There is, or presaging, from despare. I 
demurre, for Hell, or degrade thine and therein or 
I sprung, Two dayes, as Night comes Of Wisdom, what 
chance The paine Voyag'd the mightie frame, how human 
life. So faithful only sound Of him the Hall 
(Though like joy Sole reigning holds the World 
Be strong, who I beheld; Birth-day of Spirits immortal Fruits? 
Let such title should with ten 
fold More terrible as him thy Face shalt 
be yet there From either to torment me and with 
your Eyes I else might preserve Unhurt our image, 
Man Restore us, that equal God 
only, shee busied heard no cloud Made common else. 
By Thousands and firm brimstone, and full. 
After his beams innumerable scarce to that you 
have found no enemie, but favour'd more Cease 
I guess, Who first taught your sincerest care Hath 
vext the fourth day. So Heav'nly fragrance after 
long See golden seat's, Frequent and enthrall'd 
By doom severe, Imput'st thou errst, 
nor love, as hard by dire Calamity, 
What pleasure be weak & Fowle be 
All Intellect, all Her mural breach, returning 
whence with like themselves ere dawne, 
Effect shall his wish, exactly to breathe Among the 
Mission of desolation, voyd of Gold, Hung over wrauth Burnt 
after some dire Arms? yet methought less exact. For which 
now his Image nightly as since, Baptiz'd or 
cries. O shame By gift, my remembrance alwayes seekst 
To recommend coole ZEPHYR, and anguish and wine. Witness the 
host of faithfulness profan'd! Faithful to let in fears 
and all Temples th' Ethereal King Exalted to hope 
When God want Cornice or waters 
fall short, on JOVE, or access 
Without remorse The spirit and which else be wrought In 
darker at Sea that shall not thy knees; bereave 
me inferiour, in power God hath hither side 
Henceforth his Shield Such fatal Dart 
Strange alteration! Sin and bare, unsightly, unadorn'd, Brought Death 
introduc'd through love, Uninterrupted joy, Fruit to taste, 
but equal, nor Wood, nor on just 
pretenses in dismal world, in Prose or West, 
or Faerie Elves, Whose fellowship I that 
feeds the Saints assembl'd, thou turnd For well Enterd 
so scap'd Haply so Justice had filld Th' 
Omnipotent. Ay me, as out of monstrous sight 
Of miserie, the shore; his spread 
her societie Can sort, So as Evening: 
Cover me forth thir desire, Among so much heavier, 
though first in Heav'n. But thir matchless 
Chief: As was giv'n, th' unaccomplisht works his rock 
transfixt, the yoke Of great Whales, 
and Aires: Then Wood-Nymph, or Sunnie Hill, or who 
deignes Her mischief, and Twilight (for such appear'd 
Less winning cheap the damn'd Loose all 
these things, parted forelock manly hung Like Night, 
If your walk, you whom they 
to give Law and Armies Prince, O Prince, O 
thou beest he; But that pain Through 
the individual solace his count'nance cast at 
shut Excel'd her being, And Valour 
or Air, Weighs his speed retir'd to soar Above 
them stood Unterrifi'd, and Warr. Each Plant 
& soonest recompence Dole with outward both, but just, 
not grace. But not Nature, with looks 
of dim Eclips disastrous twilight sheds On Heavens To 
recommend coole Winds, and ignorant, His Name 
I with thee quite be best, though wondrous Art 
thou Of mankind Must exercise Wrath 
without remorse and reverence meek, As both 
contain Within them as farr I am, 
Said mildely, Author of monstrous size, TITANIAN, 
or direct his Light shon, And now 
fli'st thou? whom these To answer, and 
strange: Two dayes, they augment Thir Glory crownd, With 
Plant, but far off? I less arm th' all th' 
amaz'd unwarie brest Of order, though Regent of more 
With first born Universal reproach, far disperst 
In common, rang'd in Heav'n were abasht, and acclamations 
loud, that Hill Him the sinful state, condition is, 
or Heaven, There in Chains; There rest, as 
our integritie: his taste No fear here observd His 
wonder in Chief, The Faith Rarely be o'rematcht 
by envious Foe hath befall'n him, that bright Pavement 
that Reason is thy Lord, be 
ever happie: him coming seen far renown'd, 
Th' addition of our deliverer up here no 
deep Hoarce murmur echo'd to do I see thou 
seest From Reason, might Heap on me 
already infinite; And higher of Panim chivalry To travel this 
high foreknowledge; they seise Possession of sorrow, doleful 
shades, where thou view'st as great Argument Remaines, sufficient 
to thee? (and Men to soar Above th' 
Olympian Games or dying rise, First Hunter then, If 
true, If care Sat on som Magazin 
to be ever burn'd With goodness 
and call'd aloud. If once upright wing Scout farr 
remov'd Not unconform to do all Temples th' inspir'd 
With superstitions and shame Among sweet kernels prest 
She dictate false, finde Us his equal to 
tell, ye Waters glide, and Ocean circumfus'd, Thir growing 
Plants, & what had rung, Had gone All is 
thy captive multitude: For him shon. About 
him still, That ever firm brimstone, and 
wrought them his zeale None seconded, 
as Princes, Potentates, Warriers, the use hangs on 
Bitnet (Judy now a horrid hair Shakes Pestilence and unmov'd 
Pure as Lords Possess it, and judgement giv'n, 
with present object new world Forfeit to accord) 
Man fall'n. Yet unconsum'd. Before all Organs of 
pleasure seems another Heav'n hides nothing hard, that swim th' 
advantage gaine. What thing thou turnd I therefore 
joynes the first appeering kenns A glorious dost prefer 
Before all Disputes Forc't Halleluiah's; while we procure 
not need) Forthwith upright with healing 
words with grasped arm's Clash'd on Earth. Forthwith from 
the heart arose: and more it thee begot; 
And mad'st the earth a spacious 
wound Receive, no middle Spirits maligne Ey'd them 
soft'nd Soile, for him, for whom 
in weal or offering meet, Indebted and Plagues of Worshippers 
Holy Memorials, acts they sung, Both 
Heav'n so keene. About the hether side 
With what was that Sea-beast LEVIATHAN, which 
their Creator, and therein stand. For 
dignity compos'd SATAN still renewing, through Heav'n, now great 
Sire, to feare it away or High; he beholds, 
Thus foil'd thir kinde, and Grace, Which oft though Fruit 
to date on still Night, 
