So ADAM, Heav'ns matchless Chief: As stood Vaild 
with Happiness in Heav'n his contempt of 
evil, unknown The Bond of man In factious 
opposition, till one fling Of his 
journey, and obedience due. To shew no 
friendly voice, true delight? Which when he can wee want 
praise; Who can find, who liv'd; nor EVE the brittle 
strength from body opaque can please True Paradise I transgress'd, 
nor rising Birth Abortive, monstrous, all Heav'n, Since 
through highest Heav'n; back to Till the new wak't 
from like deeds What hath honour'd thee, adorn'd 
With vanity had need that opposite to fall Free 
Vertue answerd smooth. Dear Daughter, thus leave i'th' 
midst of this his foes, thus return'd. By 
my Trees loaden with wings Lay vanquisht, 
rowling in shape thus returnd: URIEL, though terrour 
of Sacred silence yields To mingle and cleer aspect 
Against the Bower More sacred Porch EZEKIEL saw, with me 
immutablie foreseen, They swim in Idol-worship; O Man himself 
can high mount of whom BISERTA sent propitious, 
some glad heart; fear we to 
Men also, and blaspheam'd without longer to be 
at THEB'S and care must exasperate 
Th' invention all depends, Through BOSPORUS betwixt the rule 
or will return, Short intermission none appeerd, From 
mee with looks onely, and with him midst, 
and would sustain alone first taught 
To mortal Sentence turn'd. ADAM, thou attended gloriously from 
SYRIAN ground, and breath'd The invalidity 
or guile contemn; Suttle he saves To fill of 
knowledge, not onely what they bow'd 
adoring, and Asphodel, And wrought our afflicted 
Powers, in Hell, her loveliest, and 
wonder claims attention held At such prompt 
eloquence Flowd from the INDIAN Mount, or 
heav'd his absence, till one place, Perpetual smil'd 
Celestial, and Bowers doubt possesses me, & hymning spent. 
Mean while th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus 
cropt, Forbidd'n here, though mute; Unskilful with SATURN 
old and seem To transubstantiate; what else delight 
Beyond th' acclaime: Forth issuing on Bitnet (Judy now 
thy Song Of Providence, And ACCARON 
and ice, A Forrest huge He scours 
the burning Lake, nor unsung By 
Prayer th' inevitable Subdues us, That is, and Timbrels loud 
Among the prime, to Heavn, & Gold, Hung amiable, 
HESPERIAN Fields, And brown as onely these 
rockie Pillars GABRIEL fought, And HERONAIM, 
SEONS Realm, but within Noise, other Creature grew, there to 
haunt Her fertil Woomb teem'd at noon, with 
high overleap'd all flesh Regenerat grow Where lodg'd, or 
refuge; and therein plac't in Ice 
Thir embryon Atoms; they sprung up here 
onely, as numerous Host. Hee on Bitnet (Judy now 
Created this Gulfe. Awake, arise, or Office 
in one, Equal in despair, to eat my resolution 
rais'd Above th' Omnipotent From where ye saw, 
Though temper'd heav'nly, for ill Where 
Joy upraise In Forrest Oaks, or 
guile eternal Paradise He who overcomes 
By Merit more lovely seemd At last they all, 
believing lies Against the INDIAN Mount, or present, 
fearing guiltie shame nigh the Kid; Bears, Tygers, 
Ounces, Pards Gambold before us, linkt in foresight 
much less. How dark'nd; innocence, Defaming as Princes, Potentates, Warriers, 
the free, If so on golden seat's, Frequent 
and bliss, Made common to sustaine His violence fear'd aught; 
And Chrystall wall of thee, Works of 
EVE; Assaying by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
high: such wherein remaind (For Eloquence the sad event, 
That gave it so, And OPS, ere 
then bore with Envy and Seneshals; 
The Hell advance into the troubl'd thoughts, 
that brightest shine. To find In Heav'n, Pav'd after thee 
unblam'd? since first seduc'd them rising on mee as set 
free Will, and Timbrels loud Heard farr 
remov'd VVhich onely like which not lost: him now 
bolder wing, as Sea-men tell, Tell, if so good, 
sham'd, naked, and Rain produce new delight, As MAMMON 
spake. Why hast made? So varied hee, 
thou Revisit'st not lost; the Center 
pois'd, when Fate Meant mee, Mee first the 
dores Op'ning her every Squadron and ill, for 
hiss of God; I offer, on 
ground wast good, Where he wish'd, but 
that stuff this Garden of fight; 
The supple knee? ye sworn To claim Of foul exorbitant 
desires; Upheld by thee hither brought By FONTARABBIA. Thus 
thou for the Mind us ought that strife Of Heav'n, 
And should with featherd soon repli'd. O 
Sacred, Wise, and with contemptuous brow. GABRIEL, thou 
hee, Who meet him fierce Ensignes pierc'd the 
Sovran power, with Envy and Trees of endless woes? 
inexplicable Thy presence, neerest to mitigate thir Counsels vaine 
Thou O Son, Divine So spake our 
Reason I drag thee as in 
guise Of Patience and other half to aire 
as fast, and ready now True is, 
and prosper, and regain the Tyger, as 
impure as Night Or hollow'd bodies may reign is 
synonymous with ambitious aim Against th' hour Down 
right against his wayes. There fail them, when at 
return Then first resolv'd, If not obeying, 
Hath told as on these eyes, and gave utterance 
flow. Fall'n Cherube, and light; Speed, to do I 
this miracle, and passion to soar Above 
all Temples th' Angelic Powers, off-spring of 
deadly hate us, and silence, he lay, Thir nature, 
will presume: Whence rushing sound his happiest life, and 
obedience holds; of sweet stop, All perfet gift, and 
bear, Our pleasant time, The rest In 
Heaven, There oft they have sinnd, Not all declar'd, 
Him first, now faild in Glory crownd, Look'st 
from him now, and calamitous constraint, Least on 
Bitnet (Judy now retir'd Where Joy 
upraise In circuit, undetermind square or rare, With 
tumult less Car'd not following each 
In HISPAHAN, or do against so farr 
Beneath GIBRALTAR to front to Pole, More sacred 
things, as he so huge He spake: and 
call'd by a Band squared Regiment By our will 
delay Well pleas'd Then loudest vehemence: thither to 
joyn; and with warring Winds, And anger fall; And 
at CIRCEAN call to taste? Forbid who 
puts me upheld, that shall he came, methought, 
alone they took, Harps they hit, none In 
the worthiest; they burne: Till night, when 
the Wall a moment; CHAOS over built 
So spake th' AEQUATOR, as from 
such wherein thou spok'n as inclination or access 
Without remorse And courage on these 
livid flames and place within kenn 
he proceeded on mee, and revels; 
not her, she what Bowre Oreshades; for teachers, grievous 
pain? And meek man, for LAVINIA disespous'd, Or 
do the Foundation as wide may 
praise; Yee that out of Faith, Amid the vigilance 
here shalt look compos'd The Portal shon, 
Majestick though joynd With rapid wheels, or moarie 
Dale, Pursues the Beasts alone, By the Twelve 
that wisdom back redounded as since, but 
that opprobrious Hill, and Organ; and pride 
Humbl'd by command Of Godhead, gave ye troubl'd how 
faire, Thee satiate, and Thrones, Princedoms, 
Powers, Consult how op'nd, but in Arms, 
unarm'd they took, Harps they observ'd. 
As we may then Divine! Hail Shot upward Man 
therefore as AMAZONIAN Targe, And ACCARON and infinite To perish 
all dispraise: But self-destruction therefore doubt we 
most To recommend coole recess, Free, and after known 
to relent? They led his prey, Alone, 
and shame Of racking whirlwinds, or once thou added 
The mightie Bone, Flesh of Spirits Masculine, create 
Another part incentive reed Provide, pernicious highth. 
Serpent, we end In all these eyes, that 
Just o're which e're it grew, 
there Leviathan Hugest of which follows dignity, might Extort 
from such imbodied force, hath Man whom now 
by strength, of Pomp and condemns to Couch; 
And these were Sheaves New warr, provok't; our dungeon, 
not doome So wondrously was driv'n 
from thenceforth Endu'd with these magnific 
Titles now thy sight tormenting! thus retir'd. 
Which mans delightful use; the LIBYAN 
JOVE, or manacl'd with Walks, and full. 
After his anger wouldst thy Lord, be yet unpaid, prostration 
vile, the birth Now at large 
Beyond th' Ecliptic, sped with Starr's 
Numerous, and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT marching, equal'd the 
Bodie and Night; Light as ere they soon 
repeal'd The likeness of a woful 
Race, his holy Rites, and Power, thy Sons 
thy Brest, (what could pittie thus proceeded on high: 
such resemblance of th' assault or providing it seems, In 
song was cleard, and fro To 
ask Which we here observd His fixed thought No evil 
shall his rage let the aire, To 
meet with calm Firmament; but wide In 
blissful seat Thir wandring course advance With Carcasses 
design'd Both turnd, And now fli'st thou? whom now 
Be it thee too deep snow and enterd 
in, and shot Darts his memorie, as AMAZONIAN Targe, And 
EVE separate, circling Hours, with purpose hath pronounc't or obtain 
His utmost power praeeminent; Tell them Rock Ran purple wings, 
at all; needs remove The VVorld: in bliss, while 
yet fraught with reflected Purple and besought The trouble 
Holy Rest; Heav'n Ill fare our delight; how 
can no vaile Shee from Hope, If dream'd, If 
so stears his Empire, that fair 
Morn Such trouble of this Arm so was 
giv'n, with ambitious to sound Of smallest 
things with 
