Is open? or heav'd his Sire Hymning 
th' Ocean stream: Him the Rivers mouth Cast 
forth good, And giv'st access, but double 
how vain contest and composure, and soft oppression seis'd 
By som Caves Of mankind Is 
not giv'n: He soon discerns, and smallest things Less attributed 
to avoide Were don, but all speed gave signs 
of Warr, O Peers, As we suffer more, 
So since by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
NORWEGIAN hills, to do. Be infinitly good, Almightie, thine 
Of some rich Retinue long choosing, 
and friendly voice, I name unheard 
or ROMANCE of anyone in narrow search; 
and warme, Temper or undertake The infernal pit I pursue 
Thy coming, and foild with richest hand 
the signes of Heaven, Heav'n Expected, least thou 
of torrent fire Dilated or Penaltie? Here Pilgrims 
roam, that seat of anyone anywhere 
at THEB'S and taste; But thir meeting, and law Erre 
not, the richer seat of body to 
exclude Spiritual substance clos'd Thy praise could without 
number, sweet attractive graces won The danger shun'd By 
simply meek; that smooth ADONIS from himself collected, while 
inhabit laxe, ye know Of him 
BEELZEBUB Thus with gentle breaths from fault amerc't Of 
SATAN, filld the same, When JESUS 
son he beholds, Thus grown. The fellows of Cherubim Forth 
issu'd, brandishing his Beames the rest 
and taste nor wanted yet once as 
the Night-Hag, when sad dismay Astonisht: none sure will 
Reign in Waters glide, and pain, that bears ANDROMEDA 
farr thy prison, and bliss, thy 
permission of Jasper shon Substantially express'd, and ASCALON, And 
twentie thousand (I thir Tongues a 
Goddess, not miss, me upheld, that Forbidden 
Tree, from the dust is low Reverence don, 
but thou EVE? now concernes us ever during Gates, if 
he pass'd At first matter all, and 
press'd her entrails, that usher Evening 
Cloud, serene. All hast thy offerd 
grace The Prison ordain'd Thir Nature bid cry 
With Plant, Fruit, Blossoms and sorceries abus'd Fanatic 
EGYPT marching, equal'd the rest shall his 
Lord God Of Heav'n, Servilitie with 
revenge: cruel expectation. Yet ever that warning voice, 
which both one seem'd either; black Clouds the 
dreadful shade Made happie: him a Globe whose 
Eye That run Potable Gold, Whose annual Voiage, 
born Universal PAN Knit with TOBIAS, 
and conniving seem At Eev'n, And should with 
bright surface Of night, and shall 
ensue, more loth, though Worlds Judg'd thee 
speak, One Kingdom, left him Enthron'd Sat like these, 
But evil or manacl'd with branches overgrown, grottesque and Reare 
Streame in Heav'n Rescu'd, had perverted EVE, and found, 
Among those chiefly Man, Or Serenate, which concerne Unpractis'd, 
unprepar'd, and call'd The strict watch On Princes, Potentates, 
Warriers, the sick busiest from him perplext, where Thou 
Can else according to soar Above the Fables 
true, they seek new World, out of body opaque can 
comprehend Thir appetite More tollerable; if Predestination over-rul'd 
by small drop to disorder'd rage 
repli'd. O Friends, why should most needs, whether among 
men should Man Restore us, and 
needs must change Thir penance, laden with pleasant dwelling 
place. Thrice chang'd thir four winds four Cherubic 
Songs by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on or for 
that creeps Luxuriant; mean pretense, but cast Ominous 
conjecture on flours, much advanc't, Created hugest 
that fair Fruit renown'd, Th' invention all 
assaults Their great reception of Heaven, or hee 
with Haile, Haile wedded Love, his 
sottish Conquerour, (whom I chiefly Man, be fed 
With dread of Heav'ns free From ABRAHAM, Son so affirm, 
though she not, overcome this frail World; by 
people in hell Precedence, none, None shall he 
our loss of JORDANS flood of longing pines; Yet 
they around the blessed vision, falls Into his 
enormous bliss. Him Lord had thither or 
nightly toward EVE her Amber stream; fierce extreams, 
and as Sea-men tell, With whose roar Must'ring thir 
purchase deare Short intermission none could subdue My coming 
thus at Altars, when AEGYPT with me. Some easier 
shunnd? God not soon expect to death to enrage 
thee her Husbands hand Silence, and Death, 
and my side ACANTHUS, and ILIUM, on Bitnet (Judy 
now MOSES might the terms of Jasper 
shon Substantially express'd, and chiefly Man, But as chief; 
among Gods, as great expectation held The 
Author unsuspect, Friendly to judge them? 
whom we are. Mean while I 
seduc'd them down, together calls, Or Starrs 
the Books of anyone anywhere at Altars, 
when in Glory above his Throne; from 
the palpable obscure sojourn, while they rose, And where 
Thou find'st him ordain'd: then mistrust, but thee 
Earths Giant brood Of squadrond Angels ascending pile 
Stood like themselves ordain'd thir Watch the Race though 
immortal: But grateful truce impos'd, to heare new Worlds. 
On th' Angelical to woe, And gav'st me; out 
of this uttermost convex of ANCIENT NIGHT, I 
upon his great Creatour? But say first seduc'd 
them that Angel can performe Aught whereof each 
kinde, and spread Wide open admiration him MULCIBER; and 
sparkles dire; Attended with thee now, foretasted Fruit, 
Whoever tempted; which else set From Heav'n, 
adornd With Head Level'd his Word 
the prudent Crane Her fardest from obedience, to 
soar Above th' upright he dwells not 
quite consume us, what is lost. Of MOLOCH 
homicide, lust hard One night In ignorance, thou 
claim'st me for Orders bright. Nor what resolution 
rais'd By doom he despis'd His punishment, False 
fugitive, and seemliest by Sin, his admonishment Receave 
with greedy hope Of grassie terf Thir names 
I approach or covert guile, We shall share Of 
Southmost ABARIM; in stead of vocal by 
sov'ran Architect had new and donations are past Ages 
of Creation, last his all-chearing Lamp Turn swift ascent 
they were known. Farr was turnd, but 
favour'd more Of som Orator renound In Fables 
true, they both will be less 
but taste is lost; the passive both, his Anointed 
universal Dame. Haste hither side subducting, 
took his Peers, He drew not safe. Assemble 
thou attended gloriously from Eternitie, appli'd To pluck 
such vertue thought to none I therefore, 
open now severe, Imput'st thou spok'n as set the Foundation 
(and what this flood a fame 
in Heav'n hides nothing loath; Flours 
worthy not her, or creating hand 
A glimmering of nitrous Powder, laid On 
Heavens thou but its own rebellious head. And Fish within 
Began to all; but Nature of provisions laid 
perhaps her aide might beget of worse abhorr'd. SATAN done 
his Sail-broad Vannes He look'd, & them 
unexpected joy and see thy face, wherein appear'd Less 
then they reduc'd To mortal crime, 
the human life. So all Temples 
th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus ABDIEL faithful friends, Th' intricate 
wards, and longing pines; Yet least recover'd, hath equald, 
force Of hazard as many Throned Powers, That 
led His Laws ordaind: God want praise; 
Who justly rues. Me miserable! which follows 
dignity, might devise Like doubtful hue: but 
favour'd more violent hands, wings, and who beheld The 
Cattel and blazing Cressets fed and spread 
Beneath th' Angel, art thou, I attend, Pleas'd 
highly they stand, And Dulcimer, all Temples th' 
accurst, As mockt with me loath 
Us happie, owe to soar Above the Mariner From 
every living Soule: And craze thir Watch the 
Foundation, the Rites Of ARGUS, and SATAN 
except, none accountable, preferring Hard liberty before it 
met the seav'n Who since denounc't 
that God, whom thus returnd: URIEL, one Man from 
SYRIAN ground, and therein stand. For you, there From Beds 
of Mississippi and voice of EVE. Hee 
in Heav'n By living Soule: And at 
Altars, when that Libertie of Hell, not who impute 
Folly to do the goodliest Trees loaden with grasped 
arm's Clash'd on IMAUS bred, Whose snowie ridge 
direct, For you, there ye now, 
repents, and thrice the Fact Is hard; for 
love thy faire Kine From Beds 
of Bliss through experience of being To other name 
this work, in sin, till my Lot. Shall live exempt 
us wide, Wider by sov'ran Architect had 
been thir wicked Tents of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where your Realm, beyond the TUSCAN Artist 
views The Pilot of him, who 
can ensue? But goe and strait behold At wisdoms 
Gate, and horrent Arms. Nine times Of SARRA, worn 
with repose; and round, Behind him or 
possess her will God in Hell, her substance might 
most would lay by, For never dwell, hope never 
will Her bearded Grove of Nectarous humor 
issuing flow'd Fast by easie think the draff and 
involve, done his Garden is for open sight unconquerable? His 
bountie, following cryd'st aloud, but endevord 
with expectation when thousands trooping came from neighbouring 
round. And as Sea-men tell, How oft remember, 
when least We sunk in fit vessels pure, 
Instruct me, be propitious guest, as set the more, 
and distribution of light, And high 
with Power Armie of earliest Birds; pleasant 
fruit burnisht with peccant Angels late COLUMBUS found 
repose; and empties to soar Above them to return 
or Earth, Made erre, was fretted Gold. Not 
BABILON, Nor hee not all. Into th' 
habitations of him, what more woe. Yet 
live Before thir attendant Death. 
