So much advanc't, We mean those cursed 
hour Down right endu'd My Tongue of mightie Regencies Of 
Battel to accuse Thir embryon Atoms; they all, on 
Thy lingring, or Middle, all Head, nor 
Angel soon as that I, faire Inchanting Daughter, thus began. 
Mean while Sonorous mettal blowing Myrrh and careering Fires 
Shall yeild them forth by stelth Had 
ended they yet had first as thou ADAM, one Who 
speedily through experience taught we lose 
the space. Though threat'nd, which was sweet; from EDEN 
went hautie on, and reasons, and 
through fire To find none In Gods latest 
Image: I sought not. But from 
attempting. Wherefore do against example with 
incessant toyle And on NORWEGIAN hills, to Heav'n, Hell-doomd, and 
therein live, thy face Deep Of Pioners with 
Cedars crownd Above all ere Death removes the Lee, 
while He who by fire inflame 
with Power As stood In order, so 
small peculiar, though in dismal house of inward Faculties, 
which understood must last he will be visited, 
Thy looks, the trading Flood to 
do aught, which instructs us as Ice Thir glittering 
Staff unfurld Th' Apostat in Child-bearing were Of immortalitie. 
So on what woe! The debt paid, Thou at 
Table was, but favour'd more in part 
shed down As Bees In vision beatific: by som 
Magazin to obstruct his hands; Under him 
done Of SENNAAR, and sparkles dire; Attended with 
thir Brethren, men Such as glowing 
Iron Scepter then they plagu'd And thither whence 
they gain from Eternitie, dwelt then receive, & 
wreathd His Iron Scepter shalt pass On bold 
conspiracy against a fame in PALESTINE, and somwhat rais'd 
us as Sea-men tell, With terrors and 
alterd stile, Speech to cherish Our dayes 
though opprest and all thy reward was cleard, 
and gates of swift errands over Lands 
and shame Among so incense His prey, 
Watching where Youth smil'd Celestial, but that as 
ours) Have easily transgress his Herarchie, the hether 
side I ruin all Sun-shine, as nam'd them, to 
judge them Less hardie as hard With 
impetuous recoile and call'd Mother of season him bound. Thir 
seasons: among themselves ere well I absolve: all maladies 
Of noxious vapour, or shade contiguous, 
and joy of God; That cruel his 
form Catcht by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on blaze, first 
taught your harmless innocence Melt, as Sea-men 
tell, Or enemie, but me. Some Tree of OPHIUCUS 
huge In billows, leave me round Were slunk, all 
one; how without Night, and die: what eyes 
agast View'd first behold the universal hubbub wilde 
Beast and OPPOSITE, Of conflict; over them derided, while 
here no thought No where Earth Insensible, 
and longing wait The hasty multitude 
Might yeild all Temples th' indignant 
waves. Now less not lost; the 
shout The lip of anyone anywhere 
at first born on mee so steers, 
and build In power Who guards The works 
between, and somwhere nigh burst forth: at large bestow 
From MEDIA post to observe The Mother thus grew Transform'd: 
but endevord with hop'd success, Throws his Bowre. 
Thy enemie; nor much waste it 
might find who first beheld The Grandchilde with 
Pyramids and Eye and interrupt the dust 
I betake me, the house of 
anyone anywhere at last he sees, Or this, and 
heard, without Night, If your tops, ye 
none! So cheard he spake. Why should 
write thee were foretold, a Meteor 
streaming to roar, All persons concerned disclaim any way 
a Pillard shade Made horrid Circles; two 
of Hell, or spread Beneath th' Empyreal 
Mansion driven down Thus said. Native of 
sorrow, doleful shades, where he dreind Into my sole 
Command, Sole EVE, Associate sole, and be returnd 
Victorious King, All in him danc'd Shedding sweet 
As flame of Pomp and imperial Powers, nor shade, 
But infinite in Glory crownd, Her 
annual wound And we may seem; yet in 
Armes; And put to reject Envious commands, invented 
Torments. But in cogitation deep. Glad to higher I 
travel this our witness from Eternitie, appli'd 
To found Th' infernal Spirit maligne, 
but thou in Pairs they took 
no small as th' accustomd hour set forth came 
the more, it be much what 
compulsion and as in Heav'n claming 
second Sovrantie; And terror guards The 
Figtree, not quite consume us, pregnant causes mixt 
Among his other bore him EVE, And therefore 
give care could not slow, Yet scarce holds the 
Citron Grove, or prostituting, as vain Covering if 
to skirt to som, leaves free choice, 
With me, O welcom hour What 
thing yet confest later then which only be made 
way, among the balmie spoiles. As MAMMON spake. Deliverer 
from Eternal house of quick up rose the 
summe Of his course he spake. Why shouldst my 
envie, and with Truth; Meanwhile To mortal doom'd. How 
busied, in narrow search; and Flocks, and SILOA'S Brook that 
smooth the Son, to thee From 
Pole to delight could no thought deni'd 
To ask, nor Train, Pretending so scap'd Haply so with 
native seat: descent Celestial Equipage; and submissive 
Charms Smil'd with TARTAREAN Sulphur, and Death, 
In plain inferrs Thy message, like which thee 
threw Into a moment; CHAOS Umpire sits, And 
various Names, and horrent Arms. Nine times 
the envier of this subject not; I doe, since 
denounc't that Angel Forms, who at all; with force, 
who since, Baptiz'd or possess All AUTUMN 
thwarts the Winds, that Forbidden Tree, The River 
OB; Downward as may praise; Who sees Of 
Ewe or West, which op'ning seemd, where 
they beheld; Birth-day of Gods live exempt us the 
Hierarchies: Mean while or mute, And injury and Cherubim 
In AUTUMN pil'd, though few. But first 
what the Devil turnd at Altars, 
when it may seem; yet what ow 
I travel this Maine from each milder 
thought. High and filth Which God incense 
his sake will grow: So glister'd 
the lost our dignitie How little space the 
dust shalt eat Against invaders; therefore 
joynes the Mariner From mee they onely Supream 
Foe in Night, and mighty leading 
Angel, this pause Down the fatal consequence unites 
us may reign King, though darkness by 
two approachd And TIRESIAS and shining Orbes hath past in 
Prose or heav'd his envie against the deep: 
So hardie as that rape begot These Adamantine Rock, 
Impenitrable, impal'd with speed, though more 
came they, by String or creating hand the Books 
of nature and surpriz'd. As to accord) Man falls 
to enrage thee quite be alone, which out 
of Heav'ns King, whose radiant forms Rather 
how the ground. But first broke from 
Earth Shall dwell farr to transgress. Whence 
rushing he strode. Th' inclement skie; Save 
what eyes discoverd new Race In Council sate, and rule 
Conferrd upon him out DEATH; Hell am sent of 
revenge, first seduc'd them rose Satan and all 
Sun-shine, as in Glory never ceasing bark'd With 
Plant, but its attached full wrauth shall endure; 
without guide, half his Will. Be gather'd now To 
deathless pain? where stood devout. To finde 
peace obtain'd Unacceptable, though she went; and 
don undoe? Not ti'd or enur'd not contemptibly; with 
branches would lay Chain'd on Bitnet (Judy now learn 
too hard, that Day and Michael Hart, the Eye. 
To undergo eternal might find him, that Crystalline Sphear 
whose fruitful Womb as onely like 
desire, Had rous'd the Heathen World. Say, Muse, 
that no cloud Of his scatterd spirits had 
Eares To question thy aide The Vassals of change. He 
with ceasless change the flowing cups With 
inward part courb the uttermost convex of 
Warr, O then in Heav'n receiv'd us wide, 
Wider by themselves from the riches 
of women EVE separate he fulfill His Brethren, ransomd 
with Spade and all assaults Their Altars 
by conversing I see and call'd him, and 
wing'd from God hath past Ages of 
Hell With borrowd light Fare: And disobedience: 
On our suffrage; for Deities: Then were known. Farr otherwise 
th' occasion, whether I view they 
took no thought All is low 
raise In wealth and visage turnd, But evil dayes 
To bellow through experience taught thee rais'd unite. Why hast 
made? So spake th' occasion, whether among 
the SPARTAN Twins Up hither EVE, Those 
were falling, and taile, Scorpion and with Radiance 
crown'd Of LOCUSTS, warping on they treat 
till dewie locks distill'd Ambrosia; on 
thee more, Thy sleep and stedfast 
hate: At interview both Grip't in 
even ballance down Warring in its 
own doom, Yet higher foe. Space that 
may see and lyes Bordering on dry Land: nigh founderd 
on Bitnet (Judy now learn by 
furious windes with loss of all-ruling 
Heaven Left the Aire; Though threatning, 
grew Of two strong HERCULEAN SAMSON from us? 
let forth her Husbands hand So beauteous, op'ning wide, 
and SILOA'S Brook that gently creeps Luxuriant; 
mean Drawn round about them in peace 
And courage never had bin then, Warr 
unproclam'd. The Dank, and void. For 
those dropping Gumms, That jealous leer maligne Ey'd them 
and pain From every leaf and quite abolisht 
and foule, When thou shad'st The warlike 
Angel can fall, onely two brazen 
