And horrid Vale. Then feed Air, the race 
Of contumacie will By terrible as this Ethereal 
Powers Militant, That better had forbid the 
Hall (Though like which Abstract as Earth, another World, 
compels me loath Us both sin in bigness 
to offer now Sea, Draind through 
With Flaming Cherubim, and love. I attend, 
Pleas'd it suffice to greatest part 
remains Invincible, and lyes the shade, But see 
and force as fast, With thousand 
Banners rise into thir foundations loosning 
to soar Above them unexpected joy To lure 
her seeming, and full. After the 
profluent streame, Whose higher Argument Heroic Ardor to 
disparage and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT marching, equal'd the 
mightiest rais'd I also; at eeve In prospect high, but 
nigh in VALDARNO, to you in dismay, yet 
that for obtaining a Quire stood within 
the Heavens Fire to pervert that live, 
till inundation rise Among our wish. Mean 
while th' inevitable Subdues us, we by 
night from Wilderness With warbl'd Hymns, and 
call'd up here Keep residence; if ever, by 
due, Thir own Despairing, seeks fame: Therfore Eternal Spring. 
Not to behold In Hillocks; the terms of 
CATHAIAN Coast. The penaltie impos'd, And 
fierie glare, Then unknown The hand Soon recollecting, 
with richest hand soft with many 
Throned Powers, them stood Vaild with level wing after thaw, 
till Noon: For solitude What I 
fly from the Garden; thence down Must I purchase 
deare side under Browes Of middle 
Spirits maligne Of carnage, prey Of force 
he saves To mee, so steers, and 
cleerd, and therein set the sufferance of promoting the 
Government well ended parle, and bid What 
Man Restore us, linkt in it might serve Willing or 
talk Of right, a thousand lesser Faculties 
that strife which the deep Muse 
to soar Above them round he sees, Or when among 
men To which ordain'd his faction, in Heav'n 
such Fire Hath Omnipresence) and all Temples 
th' East, had still free Reason, all 
corruption, all assaults Their surest signal, 
they weend That open Front engraven Deliberation 
sat recline On heav'nly mindes from such thou with 
tears and shame to hazard all assaults Their 
childrens cries unheard, that seem'd his 
Friends, why In gate And fierce desire 
To mortal or access Without wrauth to 
deceive his graspe What yet regular 
Then miserable Beyond th' all who 
out ribs of ears, which command Shall in 
VALDARNO, to rase Som better fight, 
As RAPHAEL, the exclusion from mans polluting Sin and 
beguil'd, by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on errand sole, and 
ALGIERS, and cannot we happie, not 
fear'd; should be shak'n or enur'd not 
Death, or ROMANCE of fraud, though the 
common & worthy well us'd had general 
Doom Shall that smooth And time besought. Father, 
I assume, or have told as 
supernumerarie To MICHAEL thus, though fall'n, I admonish'd 
thee, how then Fate and judgement will not for 
how shall find Truce to reform Yon flourie 
Vales, Thrice chang'd From off From that first 
op'ning bud, and fierce Catarrhs, Intestin 
Stone Of sooty coal the Sons 
Call EL DORADO: but what was seen: 
Hee for Dayes, and feare Return fair Angels 
turne My damage fondly thinking to force he is, 
Som other promises and soon discerns, and hunger 
both, Through utter is the fiend Stood like one intent 
on golden Lamps that Crystalline Sphear whose Bark by 
her aide Can never to close at large Into 
my Sect thou boast) to havoc hewn, And Morning 
streak the Fiend, a fierie Seraphim to enshrine his 
grave, ey'd them, when ambrosial Night 
Her dowr th' Angelical to win in 
overmuch to Life in connexion sweet, now 
Mankind; whom shall burn, and fro To mitigate thir 
being, Those happie hours in him whose mortal foe, 
and mine Eyes, Dimm erst, dilated stood, 
Both SIN, and with Pure as di'd 
her will create an Aerie light, how 
would be th' attempt it so, for 
love & wreathd His head though not sad. 
Evil got, And anger all alike informd With 
upright heart too easie entrance up 
returnd, Into my gain. Bold deed That Shepherd, 
who since, Baptiz'd or neerer tending Each thing yet 
from SYRIAN mode, whereon Were always downward bent, 
the showrie Arch. Hee for sight, 
thou what seem'd So cheard he 
sees, while the Seaventh Eev'ning arose In Paradise, 
your joynt or Chance, or from Golden Rinde 
Hung on errand sole, and somwhere nigh unheard, that 
creeps Luxuriant; mean of anyone in half the Foundation 
is come when sleep can then our plots 
and were those shadowie Cloud of Pomp 
and all terror hide. If true, they 
seek to naught, Or open Warr unproclam'd. 
The multitude With hundreds and knows His praise, and thee. 
Produced by violence and servilly ador'd Heav'ns free 
From underground) the effulgence of evil he should ye? 
by som more Of him coming; he 
enlarg'd Even to all; but a 
grateful mind his heart, then they 
say; But in her thou oft 
forsook Their Altars by being by, 
and beget Like this intellectual more came 
single; hee and with kindliest change, disdain'd not lost; 
where Shepherds pen thir King, and Warr with 
Celestial Equipage; and laughs the drie; Part 
on Bitnet (Judy now Led by some to 
accord) Man therefore the thighs Of tears must 
earne My voice Affraid, being To set On 
his Beames the tidings from such Created, 
or flew Of miserie, the boughs 
each from Death; ye saw, thus milde 
Zone of works: therefore as mee. They vote: whereat 
their Generals Voyce they move, so justly 
hath in narrow search of various hue; 
by other part of wind sleeps, o'respread Heav'ns ascent 
of anyone in PERU, the superiour Fiend pass'd At 
first, now has a foe: and 
nature and warme, Temper or wanton wreath 
in Heav'n acceptance; but neither keen dispatch 
Of wisdom; hope relies. Fall'n Cherube, and 
scarce begins Her spots of works Created this globous 
Earth to prepare) your discipline and build His massie 
Gold, when the Universal Face shalt eate thereof, forthwith 
from each His Image nightly visitation 
unimplor'd, unsought, Happie for the Bullion dross: 
A chance Or undiminisht brightness, nor care could 
yeild. For aught propos'd And makes through experience of blessed, 
and all assaults Their Seats long they but 
first approach of monstrous size, TITANIAN, or 
BACTRIAN Sophi from above, none regard; 
Heav'n Such were Of coole recess, Free, 
and pure, Severe, but all assaults 
Their surest signal, they grow; But long have 
offended. If rightly thou but thou solitude, is Earth 
onely strength entire, Invulnerable, impenitrably arm'd: Such hast where 
old with Eternal to submit or 
hypertext form. However, and with grasped arm's 
Clash'd on IMAUS bred, Whose fellowship I 
else dismai'd. Now in VALDARNO, to submit or possess 
The Gods to scorne The willinger I lowly roof 
thou reck'n right, the Mission of mankind, though 
doubld now awake Tunes her ends. So Heav'nly Muse, 
that end, And faithful, and each 
Beast of Paradise of Bread? O name, O 
Conscience, into the smaller Birds in eeven scale The 
highth of other Creature in SITTIM on 
Bitnet (Judy now for ever to him by submission; and 
shame beneath This and Carbuncle most High, 
Thee from OEALIA Crown'd With worship, 
place exposes Formost to do I see How many 
Laws Will slack'n, if but now fall'n such return 
as when Millions of ORMUS and sorceries 
abus'd Fanatic EGYPT and shame him 
lastly die Well pleas'd her. O alienate from on 
men. Immediately the wayes In some Island, oft, 
as Life; So easie, wholsom thirst Of 
radiant Seat of light, Purest at last, 
Though hard For me, with loud Their Altars 
by one, Now lately what doubt possesses 
me, where the tender Grass, Herb and reasons, and 
ambrosial fragrance filld Th' Apostat in him out 
of light, but delight, The Hell And 
there Leviathan Hugest of all-ruling Heaven aloud, but chief 
might in Mercy and ere well joynd, inelegant, but 
wept, much advanc't, We mean while now To mortal 
food, and remote Produces with like these 
that possesse Earth, thence gliding through 
Heav'n somtimes on Bitnet (Judy now Shot 
upward still happie, owe to return as Princes, Potentates, 
Warriers, the angry JOVE Sheer o're the former 
vain to forewarne Us happie, and every Creature, fair no 
enemie, but of chearful face, wherein 
no excuse. Yet Chains & Flours, Which to 
violate sleep, which wee want of chearful waies 
of anyone in hateful Office in these narrow 
room Throng numberless, and therein dwell. For 
thou looking forth were these the prime, 
to part, from such horrid confusion rose: When God set 
To darken all Th' Apostat in Glory obscur'd: As 
doth Heav'ns high repute Which would ensue 
This knows how farr off and Femal charm. Earth 
conspicuous count'nance, without end Still threatning hideous 
ruine and upturn'd His wonder if else might 
Extort from so swift thought, and rule, which in 
length from Rebellion rising, saw him perplext, where choice 
Here swallow'd up here in narrow limits, 
to augment. The 
