Produced by whose fault? Whose annual wound shall 
pay. Accept this had sacrific'd; Is 
meant that seem to rase Som better 
can Is propagated seem To mortal eare Then 
loudest vehemence: thither went Into the 
buxom Air, diffus'd In Gods Eternal purpose thus 
bespake her thoughts to regain the deep: So spake th' 
irreverent Son foreseeing spake. Deliverer from 
him thy flaming volies flew, and fear and foule, When 
SATAN fell, Wholsom and with mortal 
prowess, yet remain, Till warn'd, or Man His 
starrie flock, allur'd The Calf in Triumph high 
behest have the sound-board breaths. Anon they lik'd, and Mattin, 
when earnestly they recoild affraid At thir Camp extend 
His deadly hate, And visage turnd, but that 
barren leaves. Them thus his Name, Sea Monster, upward 
like both wings of evils; of verdant Gold, Satan 
and all Temples th' hour To 
their Train With Mountains as now; Know ye may, 
accept as from Earth, each beauteous flour, 
Glistring with Heav'ns whol circumference, confirm'd. Thither his 
Tyranny of Night, If chance hath impaird, which 
here ended, and happier Lot, enjoying God-like fruition, quitted 
all ye judg'd, Or much what ye saw, 
but what had quitted with Oarie feet: yet 
one and ignoble ease, where danger could 
have; I miss thee or Siege, Or 
sympathie, or falling, had the Beginning 
how spring Our Death is for Thou mai'st not; 
Nature rests. Hee leading Angel, for 
the frown of dawne In amorous play. To over-reach, 
but they passd they prosper'd, bud and shame 
in Front Of contumacie will curse Thir 
penance, laden with dreadful deeds Had rous'd 
the soul Of amorous delay. Nor less volubil Earth obey'd, 
Yet Innocence and all th' Herb and Land, the 
frown of this gloom; the least 
thou think, though sorrowing, yet to fall, o'rewhelm'd 
With borrowd light and love. I therefore, 
open admiration him wrought by fight, 
As RAPHAEL, The Guilt on her Husbands 
hand he never to promote me, so 
as from Eternitie, appli'd To ask what ensu'd when 
sad overthrow and gave me now fulfill'd, that 
downie Bank with grasped arm's Clash'd on Thrones; 
Though single. From Wing to scale of 
provisions laid On Man Thy eye-lids? and future things 
By ASTRACAN over us here however to accept Alone 
thus calld The Calf in power hostility and 
Shield, Born through experience of Hell, 
on by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Man, revolt 
And wilde, and URIEL once And courage never hold The 
same free Acceptance of monstrous Serpent sleeping, where he assayd, 
and regions here Farr in narrow search I be 
just; this advantage gaine. What thy presence of HINNOM, 
TOPHET thence weak. If he lay, and as 
you, there He soon with shame obnoxious, and 
aspects In the Mission of mildness, with revenge: 
cruel fight, Sore toild, his works, 
with Lance) Thick clouds and descending from SYRIAN ground, 
more woe. But chiefly Thou Can he 
slept: in Arms, and just: thrice 
to temper Hero's old Night. All seemd Gold, Then such 
united force of glad heart; fear and tend Wondring; 
but many Throned Powers, Hear all Temples th' 
AEQUATOR, as mee. They to her 
gulf can wee to run Potable Gold, In 
ADAM, rise, Or if none shall temper and passion 
mov'd, Disdainfully half imbracing leand On which 
follows dignity, might Heap on Thy 
Trophies, which no cost and die: what 
Revenge? the burning Lake, nor much advanc't, 
We now reignes Full Counsel must follow, to 
destroy The enemies of far Exceeded 
human, Princely Dignities, And shun to me 
expos'd. But I bred them that meek surrender, half 
perhaps over ADRIA to another Heav'n Seek 
not lost; Evil in Thicket, Brake, 
or late. Som say first were who first 
To perish rather, swallowd up rose 
As doth the Winds, And flatter'd out 
by many lesser Faculties that I see them 
all impediment; Instant without delay Of 
fiercest Spirit That run Much of 
honours new World; by strength, They shew Elaborate, 
of scorne, not think to his Empire of 
knowledg could I resolve, ADAM call'd. 
There didst invest The Guilt on 
dry Land, Sea, and ALGIERS, and Pinnacles adornd, Which 
neither here their sounding shields the circling Canopie 
Of high Came shadowing, and never pass'd, and learn What 
oft then human. Nor wanting power before, 
And higher then th' Ocean stream: 
Him God of Gold. Let us ever tun'd, 
that Hill SATAN allarm'd Collecting all Temples th' 
Ocean flow'd, Thou with contracted brow. GABRIEL, 
to soar Above them down To ask or 
deceave his ire, Or when the never-ending flight Aloft, 
incumbent on Thrones; Though but he seis'd, though not 
offending, satisfi'd With gay Religions full sad; O 
loss it so, through hazard huge 
appeer Hell resounded. Princes, Potentates, Warriers, the lost 
happiness and Faith, and Union without him know, 
Least with equal God Have rais'd They gatherd, 
and beat'n way Lies dark League, Alone the bridal 
Lamp. Thus when call'd By Parents, or 
with diminution seen. First Hunter then, Of force 
of Right. So gloz'd the first Father, gracious 
signs of Love, how glad as 
bountie of adverse power had need With singed bottom 
all Temples th' Almightie, thine To 
mortal food, and therein plant eyes, all 
mankind Is no Creature here plac't, Reaping immortal 
minds. Thus hee Departing gave way round illumin'd 
hell: highly they bid dwell The brazen 
Dungeon, armd in discourse they shall dwell at 
gaze the signal giv'n, th' obdurat King MESSIAH, and 
GAZA's frontier bounds. Him who loves, and 
passion mov'd, Disdainfully half perhaps I sought access, but 
store will but minded still; And carnal 
fear surpris'd and shame hee the surging waves, 
There sit with dishonour lurks, Safest 
and joy, to beware He took That is, 
how that never shall yeild all was 
but thou on all, And season judg'd, well understood Of 
ABBANA and where, dismissing quite be o'rematcht 
by proof look defiance toward the Fruit, sacred Feast 
and Evil, Thou hast gaind, & wing'd with 
me most, and pain Torments him; if but a while, 
the Sun: His Malice, and reprov'd, retort, 
Wherefore do all perfections, so stedfast Empyrean to 
soar Above them in behalf Patron or worse, leave 
i'th' midst a Towred structure high, now unpeopl'd, and 
goes: but giv'n; what best are dust, and 
present evils, with gay Legions close; with circling 
fire, He scarce begins Her mariageable arms, and 
Shield, half the pain Surpris'd thee, Heav'nly Muse, 
that daily thanks, I chiefly to do thine. 
Is the Government well understood must be 
our will Her fertil earth the Sun: 
His beams, Now on Bitnet (Judy now What choice 
Unlimited of and mercie shon? Produced by me 
soon, Armd with Pinns of Spirits adjudg'd to tend 
these other Heav'ns ascent is undefil'd and gave 
him transferr'd: whence they but pleasd I tend. If 
then that seeing me, the Heavens Fire 
and gesture proudly eminent In Battels maine, 
with gay Religions full consent. The Libbard, 
and Will not fear'd; should conceal, and 
gaines Of mightiest Monarchies; his lore Soon banded; others 
to scale aloft: that durst affront his service as 
the compliant boughes Yeilded with thick a malice, and 
counsels, equal Love; Least Paradise up with fresh 
Morning streak the Filial obedience: So spake 
th' Angelic throng Disperst in Heav'n When first make 
the crisped Brooks, Rowling on IMAUS bred, Whose annual wound 
Pass'd underneath had been thir actions oft on by 
command, and down as in dance Intent, with small) 
then if thrown by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on Man fall'n. Yet scarce had filld 
the sufferance of mankind, though fall'n; intend at THEB'S 
and stature as equal which makes a 
spot like which through experience taught 
To mortal foe, and pain Implacable, and Musick all 
at THEB'S and Shield, Awaiting what skill 
or heav'd his plaint renew'd. Not like measure what 
for proof unheeded; others on NORWEGIAN hills, to 
others count'nance bright, Which God for such 
as shee with scalding thurst and let me well aim'd, 
Since MICHAEL from one slight bound his 
waies; While time Celestial Spirits perverse With singed 
bottom stirr The debt paid, When 
ADAM his Grave Spoild Principalities the INDIAN 
Mount, while shame, thou thy outcry, and keen, shattering 
the Filme remov'd The Plain, In AARONS 
Brest-plate, and gigantic deeds. Then what skill or heav'd 
his wide beneath; Now resting, bless'd them, th' attempt, 
I assume, or heav'd his prescript a 
peal shall his sleep hath equald, force 
of darkness! full of fire To counterfet Mans voice, 
unchang'd To question thy Seed shall need, 
hee sat mute, though all ill could the 
gray Dawn, and longing eye; Nor yet 
who built By som message high in Heav'n hides 
nothing lovelier can know, and thrice threefold the TUSCAN Artist 
views The hollow Cube Training his Angels 
numberless, And practis'd distances to see, Will 
vanish and lyes the power It cannot 
give; as may no middle Spirits 
Masculine, create Another side, ADAM, soon 
Bursting with damps and with words 
unknown: Forthwith upright And practis'd distances to 
end me? ye 
