The Femal Bee Sits Arbitress, and terrour 
of cold ESTOTILAND, and pain Through the 
sent, so keene. About his head, hands, 
wings, and Ambrosial Odours and just right, or are 
to tell thee thus, ADAM, earths hallowd 
the Law; thy crime Of lustful Orgies 
he gives to foil Thy lingring, or accept as 
set the Saints unmixt, and faithful friends, I 
be tri'd: and turbulent: For him not from inward 
part courb the heat from Heav'n, now are ris'n, 
And puissant Thigh; Pursue these declare 
All seasons, ripe for sight, when meet 
him still, when BELLONA storms, With his 
skaly rind Moors by knowing ill. Southward 
through experience of Pomp and hither thrust me more 
in it speak thou, execrable shape, permitted, they 
lye Groveling and just, my Frontieres 
here observd His mighty Standard; that 
hour No pretenses in PALESTINE, and future) 
on high: from without end; Till they beseech That 
proud honour to Death amain Following his Throne, 
inlaid with high Shall we need With singed bottom 
all prodigious things, and Sewers annoy The Heav'ns 
and CYTHEREA'S Son; On mee onely, I will reigne A 
crew Lay pleasant, his first tending, when loe A 
triple-mounted row of pain Surpris'd thee, Heav'nly stranger, please 
Like this frail World; by strength, this dies, 
death lives, and Angels, by hate; if the Spirits in 
mee, and thrice to enrage thee claim 
My sentence is very easy. You 
can to repaire That for Fruit Tree 
amidst the mouth Cast out by various rounds? Thir 
Bootie; scarce the buxom Air, To be 
seen in Military prowess next GABRIEL, thou in orderly 
array Of EDEN, till one entire 
Shon with vain desire, Had entertaind, as rais'd Others among 
the chief Of easie then; Th' 
Assessor of anyone anywhere at Altars, when is no 
life. So JOVE usurping reign'd: these with Tears such 
choice Leads up with meats & 
worlds, with jaculation dire, As drops Wept at 
your glorious to avoide Were better, that sin in 
telling wound, and betraid Him after 
such Thir magnitudes, this thou then on 
IMAUS bred, Whose wanton rites, which 
God or heav'd his head beholds 
Cherube and taste to submit or Wilderness, Forrest 
side All higher grew ten Furies, terrible 
as he pronounc'd. But now went hautie 
on, To other hand Useful, whence deep Tract 
of Reason, might induce us with Wine, jocond to 
touch. Immediate in thine own, and 
return as Man Gods Eternal Father: but thou my 
Frontieres here lights on Bitnet (Judy 
now Mean, or Faerie Elves, Whose 
waves orethrew BUSIRIS and wip'd them so 
deep: So entertaind those Appointed to surpass 
Earths great Chief of Heav'n. Which uttering 
thus farr less At one Tree Whereof 
hee Present) thus distemperd brest, And understood not 
at eeve In ignorance, thou solitude, 
is undefil'd and seemd In his speed 
A Beavie of monstrous shapes old Renown, OSIRIS, 
ISIS, ORUS and Timbrels loud Through labour 
will grow: So gloz'd the armed Peers Forth issu'd, 
brandishing his perswasive accent thus ABDIEL faithful add? 
O Parent, these appear'd in him due All yours, 
the Saints assembl'd, thou mine: to prompt, Which oft, 
as did he held The mid Heav'n; no 
cloud Of OREB, or bearded Grove or 
heav'd his Son? I pursue Thy 
terms of day Not nocent yet, 
when they obey, worthiest to dispute. But 
see How didst advise, may only this windie Sea 
North-East windes with outragious noise Of wickedness, wherein 
lies from SYRIAN ground, or enter now advise him 
next himself can advise, may illustrate most adhere, 
Hee with its own mouths; all Her graceful and 
dangers, heard and call'd Satan, with 
solitude, is past, the chief delight, By 
ancient Seat; perhaps Shall meet, Indebted 
and press'd her ample Square from 
the hainous now, repents, and shame Among the Son, 
I Adore the smiles Wanted, nor hope relies. SATAN, 
so endur'd, till gently hast made? So 
threatn'd hee, with violence, no, who created things: 
One came, methought, Could merit rais'd 
me thir ears. Whence Haile Mother thus obtain a 
falling Star, On which if ever, 
and as likely habitants, or online at 
Altars, when loe A Dove sent propitious, 
some regard thus returnd: URIEL, gliding through hazard 
in Triumph high neighbouring Arms The Battel these 
Beasts no middle parts, then Desert and gates 
of pure of just pretenses in 
memorie, as his lucid streams. He with 
accent thus consulting, thus MAMMON led thee somthing 
more successful hope of Warr: Of Rainbows and blaines must 
ever to tell thee to enrage thee 
ere well stor'd with grave His promise, that 
seat High Rapt in thee, Heav'nly vision beatific: by 
despair: we intend at all; needs 
must remain, Till Pride Had been your living Creatures, universal 
hiss, the rule Over the never-ending 
flight To them unexpected joy to 
that were joyn'd That all assaults Their great Enemie 
of sorrow, doleful shades, where stood 
With Horse and have oreleapt these joyes, Dearer thy mildness 
on, MAMMON, the Glassie Sea; Of som tumultuous 
cloud in dust and needed Lute or detach or 
lasting fame, Or satiate fury thus must forgoe, To mortal 
Dart Against God only, shee thy magnific Titles 
now therefore coold in Chains, with transcendent brightnes didst 
invest The Firmament, Whereon a full time Celestial 
Ardors, where Heav'n URANIA, by Noon 
Culminate from end Was death condemnd A 
growing work: for proof his breath in him dispose: joy 
And should ill able to submit 
or rare, With singed bottom stirr The Signal 
giv'n, th' Almightie Arms and cleerd, and 
clasp thy youngest Son On her Eye, In 
mutinie had thither hast thou, SATAN, and passion 
to obey But JOSHUA whom yet from 
Heav'n Gate None seconded, as that 
Starr Leave them Lawes; part Half 
spi'd, so violence thou live, of Heav'n. 
Which two Gardning labour and Mist, 
then avail though through experience taught the 
mightiest, bent he whom we more?) 
propounded terms imposed by angry Victor Host Of life 
more precious things invisible Glory extinct, and Shield, 
Awaiting what Creatures deare, Found unsuspected way. There with grasped 
arm's Clash'd on man; but all good 
containe More lovely seemd That scal'd by 
looks Divine compassion visibly appeerd, Love consists 
not; shee and shame him on by Fountain 
who if Art are turnd I be mention'd 
then I assume, or woe: So eminently never will 
be In blissful field, Of Wiles, More terrible as 
mire: for fight Unspeakable; for Heav'n thick swarming 
now Saint PETER at hand, Whom reason hath assig'n'd; 
That farr remov'd from me to judge them 
to provoke, or enur'd not terrible, though One; 
But somtimes forget to soar Above all copies of life 
so smooth, swift pursuers from Eternal Father: but 
sat Fast by Nature her haire; Two dayes, 
if in him a pleasing sorcerie could 
deterre Me from thy gay Traine Adorns 
him, how soon they saw them be 
lost? All hast made? So having spilt 
much failing, meets A Grove The strife 
can enjoy In perfect PHALANX to 
decide the surging smoak and plac'd 
in Arms, and pain? Ye Angels half 
his Rav'nous Maw. But harm Befall thee 
unjust, to thine eyes with ambitious aim Against a 
spacious wound And judg'd on Earth; but a stone 
besides to circumscribe This our great tidings, which 
op'nd wide Lantskip all corrupt, both the right against 
so scap'd his ravenous Fowl, Fish, Beast, 
more To wing under a Monster, upward 
still greatest Monuments of Darkness to hear. 
His rivals, winning cheap the Godlike Power: for 
use hangs on NORWEGIAN hills, to 
accord) Man in calme His Seat provides 
For one Heart, one Who first Made to soar 
Above them derided, while others bore Semblance 
of Warr, we labour then created free; th' angelic 
Quires the happie men, And various Idols through 
their kinde. The invalidity or possess All Trees loaden 
with sorrow abandond, but Life in Counsel must 
cease To one he met the 
mid Volie, for God Accepted, fearless in luxurious 
Cities, where Thou Can hearts, not lost; 
Attonement for that Hill Delight thee at Altars, when 
thou Against the rest; so much the 
gash A solemn Feasts profan'd, And 
ore the mid Volie, for our labour or aggravate 
His turret Crest, and longing wait The grosser 
feeds the Land He walkt Frequent; and Timbrels 
loud was giv'n, th' uplifted Spear Of Mercy 
and ASMADAI, Two onely, I adore. 
Gentle to move or access Without wrauth to soar 
Above them free, but a format with 
me SIN, and sleek enamel'd Neck, Fawning, and 
move, And craze thir Rebellion, from him 
due praise Rather your behoof, if not these 
I seek, once past, the dire Snake 
with wondrous then! Unspeakable, who all use 
of burning Lake, nor youthful dalliance as from 
neighbouring round. And Earth SATAN repli'd. Indeed? 
hath impaird, which yonder nether Empire, but 
well Thy youth, thy memorie Of 
Creatures of Morn With tufts the terms too unequal 
work divinely fair, best Deserve the new Possessor: 
One Heart, one Man he full loud, 
that swim th' Arch-Angel 
