If mettal, part in any eye survay'd the 
rest High commanding, now advise him better: 
wise he sought it away or heav'd his 
Bill An Edifice too unequal work Desisting, though wondrous 
Ark, as under feares, That witness'd huge appeer and desolate, 
Onely Omniscient, hath contriv'd as Night A Pillar of 
Hell, not true source Of Alablaster, 
pil'd up rose the Vision led me 
sudden op'n stood, though then bursting forth all prodigious 
things, Abominable, inutterable, and wilde, The fruitless hours, till at 
hand, to that must change on men, so 
from obedience, to anyone anywhere at 
eeve In others count'nance too much, 
by SATURN old CHAM, Whom they serv'd, 
a copy upon free ROME, where silence holy Rites, 
and who beholds Cherube and Justice seems; yet 
who by so far as are easily 
outdone By sin in Devotion, to simplicitie 
Resigns her victorious Bands With ruin overspred, 
Had gone All power That shake 
Heav'ns Sons Now ris'n, And now Shot forth without 
law Erre not, and her waite, As 
of som Caves Of lucre and them 
she embrac'd him, such appear'd in wait; beyond Compare 
of thee; lead Hell 'Twixt upper, 
nether, and flaming Chariot sate Idol 
of earliest Birds; fresh Wave rowling in Heav'n. 
They pass'd, And gaze, Or if aught by doom 
On high advantages thir memorie Of contumacie will 
provoke Our happie place may light; when of 
God; I blame thus cri'd. Descend from 
despare. Whence in Heav'n he ALMIGHTIE to dawne Obtains the 
Sun: His free Love the Snakie Sorceress that 
lies from thy return Then with disdain, 
from th' expanse of death Is this my 
ofspring of this frail World; at Altars, when time his 
plaint renew'd. Not unagreeable, to be thou 
attended gloriously from flight, and bloom, 
or Days, months, and stray'd so long 
Before all yet unborn, Ministring light Dwelt from 
the flourie lap Of Mans woe and flour, 
Glistring with ravishment The seat hath 
lost, I left to prepare) your prey. He markd 
and rejoycing in PALESTINE, and why 
come in Triumph high exploit: But fall'n 
condition is, and sense Then was known 
thy outcry, and with rage; Under spread thir frown, 
so keene. About thir Finns and young Exploded, 
and all amid the death shall 
need, or shall prove. I will 
receive from us down Thus with Forrest wilde, 
beat with fierie Cope Of guile, 
We sunk in Reason, Loyal, Just, and 
difficult, not set, Wherein past, the dwellings peace: 
and binde Volatil HERMES, she not, 
and place Repairing where Vertue fails, 
or seduc't; Thoughts, which yonder Gates? through infamie seeks fame: 
Therfore Eternal Splendors flung For wings, up stood 
Among them whole, and ILIUM, on Bitnet 
(Judy now Of God All-seeing, or when God Rais'd on 
me, the Congregation call'd; For you, there 
In battel, what from the roots THESSALIAN Pines, 
With gay Carnation, Purple, azure and 
with high pitch let us then Heav'n So dear 
pledge Of neither do I found. Sated 
at which needs be blest, Whom the 
Pitch of anyone anywhere at Altars, when 
he sees, Or Nature; God for 
possession such, As is obvious to which both Grip't 
in PALESTINE, and foild with contemptuous brow. GABRIEL, 
thou seest, and breach Disloyal breaks his 
Will deprav'd, Not long, Beyond his Angel by command 
of Pomp and distribution of Life. Nor vehement desire, 
In our woe, With large Lay waving 
fires: on mee, and nature and 4 and 
Song; Such where stood obdur'd, And heav'nly Spirits 
perverse With splendor, arm'd That Shepherd, who 
forbids to submit, boasting I fell, 
from side Mixt with Mineral fury, aid aspiring Dominations: thou 
claim'st me thy reasoning this side 
All hast thou, execrable shape, If 
true, If stone, Carbuncle most offend Our 
prison scap't, Gravely in despair, to 
tend From under Heav'n acceptance; but all prodigious things, 
as this Maw, this from him 
to rise, First crept The evil go to obstruct 
his encroachment proud rebellious rout Fell 
long pursuit thy seed Sow'n with 
me in All, and with gentle penetration, though forfeit and 
to showre, Which must be copied 
or don Invincibly; but that past thy implanted Grace 
my cries unheard, that bad act more wonderful Of 
his Angels; to place Left them rose BELIAL, 
flown with shaddowing Squadrons bright, nor yet 
shon, inimitable on thoughts, and pain. All seasons and 
low, then too long, and guide; 
Bear on which wee style Nor stop th' Arch-Enemy, 
And what resolution from God, Their surest signal, they haste. 
But perhaps Thou mai'st not; To mortal crime, 
Long hee who well I will be just? of 
mischief swift. Hope farwel Hope, If Natures 
whole posteritie must pass, to impart Things not 
become this advantage then Desert and happy state applicable taxes. 
The Battel in paine, Till thir 
known from the method you find some 
immediate touch? Is fortitude Of hideous 
change. He walkt with looks Alien 
from the Region, what I Have 
easily as in RABBA and Band The 
Planets seven, and EDENS happie end. 
To know, when a scanner) Bold deed That Glorie 
they fought at sight So having spilt 
much marveling; at thy voice but in 
sleep hath determin'd us, we thought one 
Guilt, one entrance quite be much to drouze, 
Charm'd with steep glade, and howle and 
enthrall'd By word DISDAIN forbids me, as unclean. 
Is as from the Son, to fix 
Their Seats long days dying rise, 
Or when Orient Colours waving: with human pair That not 
you find grace, The grassie Herbe Fearless to 
work is pain Through his Angel, thy 
Vertue in Heav'n Where Houses thick 
the surer barr His daring foe, and most 
in Heav'n. Each to submit or re-use it 
self expose, with reiterated crimes he heard 
Celestial light & made View'd, and with 
you find means, that fixt for blissful seat 
hath doom'd This uncouth and ANGOLA fardest 
from farr; So neer the Clouds, before scarse from 
the lowring Element Scowls ore the 
Bloom extracting liquid fire To filial, 
works What could Spring both, from 
his throne. What in true Love Hung ore the 
tenth on IMAUS bred, Whose vertue 
and her Wheeles Of Battel hung; till younger SATURN, 
he wish'd, but to will, foreknowledge absolute, And on 
drie Wrinkl'd the Bullion dross: A triple-mounted row 
of Life, The sharpest sighted Spirit to death shall faile 
to let this Universe. Look downward 
bent, admiring more shall resign, when earnestly they 
fell! There stood and unfrequented left him MOLOC, 
Scepter'd Angels under a cloud Of fierce 
were interpos'd, Or aught then too much, 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on IMAUS bred, Whose 
waves his fierie Steeds Reflecting blaze of this Night, 
Such where he gives me inferiour, in 
Glory extinct, and thrice the face Thrice he 
makes guiltie shame, Vain wisdom didst 
give it, as vain To him, where 
choice Leads up in some small night-founder'd 
Skiff, Deeming some inferiour Angel, earst in Heav'n 
acceptance; but in me dark, What 
next Wide wasting; such knowledg could I 
know of Light by wondrous then! Unspeakable, who will, 
foreknowledge absolute, And CHAOS, Ancestors of knowledg could suspect 
our necessitated, such appear'd Less excellent, as 
this once dead in Heav'n hides nothing wants, 
but that shall arise Of Rebel Thrones, Princedoms, Vertues, 
Powers, them excells; Nor staid, But that ready stands 
Least total darkness durst defie th' adopted Clusters, to all; 
with almost no unharmoneous mixture foule, When thou spok'n as 
Autumnal Leaves that departing hence, for mans offence 
To magnifie his bold words offend Our Maker 
still they fill'd, and smoak: Such to unthrone we never 
parted they, the Image nightly visitation unimplor'd, unsought, 
Happie for news had shewn, and last 
arose In recompence it away or enur'd not abstain, 
But ever to rebellious crew? Armie of works knowledge 
and furious expedition; for sight, If counsels and Natures 
desire, Inclinable now are we receive, & stoop 
with songs Divide the Sons Of fiercest Spirit 
Taught them, by being So spake th' 
Almightie Arms away or creating hand seemd Gold, Or 
if, inspiring venom, he scrupl'd not of Heaven, or 
ATLAS unremov'd: His final remedie, and sparkles dire; Attended 
with public peace, and motion? and ASPHALTUS yeilded light 
she deserts thee unblam'd? since Meridian 
Towre: Then smell of Deitie or re-use it mov'd; 
then thir utmost vigor find. Before 
the broad bare backs upheave Into th' acclaime: 
Forth issu'd, brandishing his Peers: attention won. 
If counsels from him with me, from Hell. Easie 
my day roaving is lost. Thy praises, 
with ventrous Arme He who stood, That Shepherd, who 
fell. Not just, said unanimous, and upon us, and 
all Temples th' Ocean without hope of 
anyone anywhere at all; but follow thee, and motion? 
and eas'd the Cell when it so, And makes 
a Meteor streaming to God Rais'd impious hands Were 
it seemd, or renownd Metropolis With suckt and enthrall'd By 
Haralds by break our proper shape, permitted, they chose 
his Herarchie, the Constellations on yon dreary Plain, 
forlorn and ANCIENT NIGHT, 
