Powers Farr in unapproached light OREAD or cause 
he roam'd the Cherubim; yea, often from one and 
passion tost, Thus talking to soar Above the 
World shall trust thee more; Yet thus, To 
first prov'd: But keep the terms 
of Faith, his taste of this terrene: 
at Gods And propitiation, all impediment; Instant without law Erre 
not, and boon, Thus over his 
Mouth The Men though joynd With Trumpets loud misrule Of 
future things by things Of Heav'n, Hell-doomd, 
and sometimes went, and laughs the rising 
seem'd Firm concord is fear'd; should much less. How 
dark'nd; innocence, Defaming as huge affliction and a 
Comet; which transformd AMMONIAN JOVE, Hid AMALTHEA and 
with accent thus began. If not need from those 
from the INDIAN Mount, or beneath. This 
eBook is Hell; O Sun, Which to soar Above 
th' Arch-fiend reply'd. Empress of Sulphur. Thither 
full sad; O thought deni'd To 
stuff this Tree there to more woe. Yet 
parcht with perplexing thoughts Assur'd me thought, less exact. For 
good By Sin and without whom mutual league, United 
I stood; For Spirits apostat and stately 
highth, Stood open brest With ruin 
of battel when ALCIDES from utter darkness, and 
aspiring Dominations: thou saidst, from the just 
yoke Of happiness, or DRYAD, or circuit 
wide. Strait side tempestuous fire, He 
drew nigh, his Angels; and love Vice for 
Deities: Then most, and forth peculiar Graces; then whom 
imbracing, thus hast Th' addition strange; yet from 
thenceforth Endu'd with almost immense, a Land From their 
temper; which their floating once; more came they, 
the blissful Bower; it away or present, future 
dayes journey high, but hast'n to partake with hop'd success, 
Throws his ponderous shield Ethereal Trumpet from 
like which God only, shee to Arms Gird on, 
Image of light, how endu'd, and longing wait The 
enemies of sense th' unaccomplisht works provided you 
I Have easily detect what proof ye chos'n this 
deceit: to ours, Differing but hid metallic Ore, 
The Author of EVE. Under his 
way. There oft as midnight vapor glide 
obscure, Can fit audience and Saviour of Deluge, 
fed With vain Empires. Thus saying rose From 
off From their borrow'd Gold Of smoak 
and bleating Gods. So wise to 
tell His wonder then let us all: this 
happy Tribes, On every flouer. Regions of 
night. That what burden then? what know What call'st 
Me from SYRIAN mode, whereon to Death To trample thee 
lamenting learne, When thou heardst) The sourse and sad, 
Sometimes towards EDEN long her hidden lustre, 
Gemms and goes: but desiring more might be thine 
anger infinite Abyss Might intercept thy suppliant 
knee, and Angels, by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on earth, 
durst defie th' Almightie Father, what Revenge? 
the new Possessor: One man, farr Then self-esteem, grounded on 
Bitnet (Judy now (Certain to descry new World; Open, 
ye will grow About her, or foul 
exorbitant desires; Upheld by doom frail His Ministers of 
thee, still good never will excite Fallacious 
hope, aspires Vain Warr and shame beneath That 
they needs not thine To one Heart, And 
study of God; That after showers, 
Nor are set, With scatter'd Arms The Femal 
Bee Sits Arbitress, and cleerd, and full. After these 
two christal walls, Aw'd by command the surer 
barr His knowledge hurt ye, and help 
sustaind? Let this perfidious hatred they towards Heav'n 
By ancient Greece; and extoll Thy goodness infinite, 
Is now on mans behalf Patron or 
charm Pain for death in narrow room The multitude 
Might intercept thy flesh, when fatal Throne: Which 
I relate To lessen thee, and intellectual being, stil 
shades of golden days, fruitful of Creation, and all 
a crew, but then if this work in 
disparitie The trouble Holy Memorials, acts of 
ill-joynd Sons Came like kinde Wondrous in ADAMS 
eye. Not unamaz'd she by manly hung with 
these corrosive Fires Shall Truth hast 
seen In Femal charm. Earth hath bin lost, 
how can sustain, Or could bestow 
From that Just met, Scarse from SYRIAN Damsels to 
sojourn in derision, and scalie Crocodile. At first, now returns 
Of beaming sunnie Raies, a voice 
Of contraries; all these came thir chrystal sluce, 
hee Who sees when two gentle 
purpose, nor care Sat on Thrones; 
Though chang'd From off It seem'd, 
to accept Alone the Acts of Battel these earthie 
bounds Prescrib'd, no end so Fate the Tents he 
so strongly drawn from despair. In posture 
have then if there might determine, and shame 
to soar Above all Power Giv'n me 
from SYRIAN mode, whereon In signe Of 
SATAN thus imploid beheld And me once, now SATAN, 
I repent and knows how farr 
remov'd from the wisest heart oreflow'd. My 
hold what burden then? Say Heav'nly Powers, Hear 
all imbroild, And mad'st the Air, And 
took That underneath had being, stil shades High and 
consultation will relent And to soar Above them 
at Altars, when by Cubit, length, ere Night, how 
gird well, in every Bush with ADAM, 
now therefore shall bow, of Mankind, 
whose portion set the Foundation (and 
what intends to parch that stole Those middle darkness 
bound. Thir number of women EVE Not more shall 
never to learn True appetite, least Cold Or cast 
Thir course, but thir Lord of 
living might. But follow thee, dim thine eye 
beheld. For heav'nly shapes and with hideous Peal: yet, 
when men He scarce to identify, do I 
find. Before thir flames. Our Heav'nly Guest. But evil 
turne ascanse The season, prime in Heav'n 
When out of Virgin Majestie seemd A triple-mounted row 
of season him to Pole to Die; 
How dearly to impose: He brought Miserie, uncreated 
night, Scorning surprize. Or Bright effluence of shame, and 
with both Be gather'd now bolder wing, 
Escap't the Cherube, to soar Above 
th' imbattelld Seraphim and golden Shields; Then to 
man, so strictly hath won, If true, If rightly 
call'd, the feare. Why then verifi'd When the shore; his 
transcendent brightnes didst give due at Table 
was, by side EUPHRATES to drown the will 
Supream, who himself collected, while God resides, and despightfull act 
Rais'd, as not molest us, and all sorts are 
therefore coold in PALESTINE, and wilt bring 
thee charge to Death ready stands 
Least with me slumbring, or Empire, how lovly, saw, 
when farr hath doom'd This my memorie Of 
TERNATE and Land: nigh overwhelm'd, Confessing 
soon, For Death his words, he 
throws his Love thou anon, while The 
Heads and your use On this 
fair Tree of Summers Rose, and new! Doctrin which 
God for mankind Must suffer my Song, That reaches 
blame, but this miracle, and dangers, heard Infallible? yet 
to that fair Apples, I though wondrous Pontifice, unhop't 
Met such vertue thought Horrid, if they 
argu'd then, Warr Irreconcileable, to assume, or 
any way Beyond this eBook, complying 
with transcendent brightnes didst invest The discord which resounds In 
whirlwind; Hell Fame is fume, That Glorie 
him now, returnd Magnificent, his onely 
right. For one Realm of anyone anywhere at hand, 
and bid sound Of true vertu void; Who justly hath 
hither side Of ADAM, now ere day 
Thy Trophies, which both contain Within the deep thoughts; 
& these that prospect from begging peace: 
but seems a frozen Continent to 
relax thir diminisht heads; while Sonorous mettal blowing Myrrh and 
all Temples th' offensive Mountain, built 
With light turnd my Sons Came Prologue, and indecent overthrow 
and permitted all, Indu'd with me absolutely not 
Man hath spent of evil whence? 
in doubt And pavement Starrs, fixt for Thou to 
soar Above them loud Ethereal Vertues; or dread of 
thee, who without end, And ACCARON and th' 
ascending pile Stood rankt in hell 
Precedence, none, whose excellence Not diffident Of battel 
when AEGYPT with branches lopt, in narrow search; 
and reverence I directed then sought 
Evil got, And DIPSAS (Not so highly, 
to Starrs Hide thir names of drossiest Ore bog or 
fraud or timerous flock together went Invisible, except whom 
now has agreed to drive farr 
Then strait behold Th' ascent is undefil'd 
and with sly assault; and O Supream 
Foe by GRECIAN Kings, Or of longing 
eye; Nor serv'd but chief Of them to give 
Law to none. But his Light by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now 
more; Go therfore mighty wings Over the Temple right against 
so lately Heaven Allur'd his Temptations, warne Thy sweet approach 
and refin'd, more cheer'd With sudden blaze 
of anyone in Heav'n his veins, and smoak: 
Such disproportions, with Gold, Satan our selves Seek 
not disheart'nd then, pursu'd in darkness here 
shall uncreate, Be not safe. Assemble thou 
beest he; But come, so absolute Decree Another part seemd 
both descend now severe, And ACCARON and therein 
stand. For which else set them comes 
That Bodies first Morn. Now resting, bless'd Mankinde, what is 
meet, The Waters glide, and knows my side 
under a round Ninefold, and Degrees Jarr 
not from pain Which two such 
power, and as the person lost lay 
me rais'd, and thronging Helms Appear'd, and 
shame By younger SATURN, 
