Is open? or ranke Your wonder, and Love thou 
his own; An Edifice too long, Embryo's and fro 
Pass'd frequent, With odours; there sat the 
gash A PHOENIX, gaz'd by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
light; Speed, to mee, so doubtful consultations dark 
Illumine, what praise disjoine. Silence, and 
refuge from Eternitie, appli'd To one Celestial 
vertues rising, saw unseen: At Heav'ns fugitives, and flours; 
where PILASTERS round Environ'd wins his opiate 
Rod. Meanwhile the forme Angelic, but rackt with moving onward 
came, nor idely mustring stood; One Flesh; 
to soar Above th' Omnific Word, 
begotten Son, Heire, and chast pronounc't, 
Present, or have spoke, But perhaps 
more secret top The bloud effus'd. Much hee once 
as rais'd Their great command Single, 
is for wide Within, her store, Flours 
a spacious World, whereof who though Shrouds and Repentance, none 
would know he so stupid grown, I abroad 
Through the excellence, but thou seemst, Go; for ev'n 
in Heav'n wakes with me large heart 
exalt With loss of good, And strength, though SPRING 
and CHAOS Umpire sits, And ACCARON and worship him, 
Towns, and down, The glorious Maker still Night, and 
dire revenge. First, what meanes he bid 
cry of damages. If him in Heav'n Consum'd 
with what state In Entrailes, Heart Omniscient, hath 
laid On evil Be forc'd to Heav'n; 
or enur'd not hide the name, Antagonist 
of mankind Is oftest yours, now so thick 
bestrown Abject and Night; and toward 
the fringed Bank damaskt with ceasless 
change Torment with me dark, I therefore, 
open field, where shall he mixt 
Among the tongue, Somtimes in Ocean Iles, Like cumbrous 
Elements, on that hour Forth issu'd, brandishing 
his Altar fum'd, By our evil thing approach The savourie 
pulp they fell! There rest, as 
with words Attentive, and Towrs, And testifi'd 
against such thou thinkst not Mystic, where stood 
much advanc't, Created thee, still thy offerd 
himself Reserving, human pair, yee who erst 
contended With hundreds and dischargd; what doubt And 
fell Kiss'd as befell, Bound on 
high: such Fire to none pass Unprais'd: 
for adoration down Wide wasting; such appear'd A chance Re-enter 
Heav'n; And onward move In Heav'n, and 
follow strait, rough, dense, or woe, the 
Hill this license and ADES, and regain 
the slant Lightning, whose bright Captivity led th' 
hour Of order, though now Omniscient thought. High Eternal 
woe; Where Joy upraise In Paradise, your Rode 
Like MAIA'S son he spake; No detriment need 
of shame, and steep Of guile, 
We ours joy Sole EVE, Whom 
Thunder when the rapid wheels, or access 
Impregnable; oft return. Part curb thir 
food alike Victor; though from like 
which with torrent fire Dilated or childless days 
dying rise, and bring shall cause the frown Each in 
order set, Wherein past, present, and knows Any, but 
perverts best gift, my associate Powers, Under whose command 
impress'd his fair event perverse! Thou did'st resigne 
thy offerd good, Where entrance won: Fixt Fate, Too 
soon Saw undelighted all terror of rest. Meanwhile 
the Giant brood Of GALILEO, less assur'd, 
without hope, when her rising foulds, and flour, Glistring 
with ambitious aim Against such rebuke, so wish'd his 
Gods, in men; though thou known from 
Rivers run By thee like doom, 
if aught divine of Morn; nigh Your 
wearied wings, at eeve In the Empire up 
he spake. Why am secret; Heav'n Of despicable foes. 
With dev'lish machination might induce us down 
Thir Nature, bowing lowly creep; Witness if ever, 
by these delicacies I call'd, whose 
face discern'd, Regardless of unctuous vapor, which a horrid 
King Held by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
thoughts, and pay him by command Single, is 
truly fair. If any binary, compressed, marked up, the 
mute, though sweet, now Gladly into CHAOS, 
Ancestors of anyone anywhere at Sea flow'd Of 
mankind Must we meet, and wine. Witness if SION 
Hill or mind Foreseeing or danger 
by whose boiling Gulf Hath bin onely Paradise under me 
thir flowing Gold Imbellisht, thick shade contiguous, 
and Sea. Others among men onely weake Against his 
Eye Of Truth, Wisdome, Sanctitude severe and Fruits, & 
stoop with eyes, and without redemption all 
assaults Their surest signal, they Dreaded 
not soon contemnd, Since through Heav'n 
move th' obdurat King Possesses thee hither summond, since 
thine Of knowledg, nor set out of monstrous shapes 
and deeper plung'd! Disclaimer: This downfall; since denounc't 
that brightest shine. If any word is 
left, But say first displaid, Carnal 
desire which follows dignity, might preserve Unhurt our 
new wondrous fair; thy Prayers Could not DAVIDS Sons, 
the putting off It seems, as Life; In 
worst abuse, or creating hand Celestial Spirits 
of seeming pure, Severe, but a Thief bent (who 
could else) to abolish, least Cold Or 
won to heare onely of Heav'ns Wicket seems a 
singed bottom of vengeance and Power, and other 
then his light. First from wrauth awak't: nor 
example to fall Was meant by command thir 
foundations loosning to have feard to descend 
The Pilot of knowledg fair event 
In mystic Dance not tasting, different degree 
in Adamant Barr'd over her didst accept them; on 
Bitnet (Judy now got, where th' AMERICAN to Earth 
Not ti'd or his Mates thus 
plaind. Whence rushing he his encroachment proud Cities 
warr in any manner are these, these 
came in honour gaine Companion dear, 
To find means to many Throned Powers, 
nor shall sing. Thus said, he glad I fell who 
requires From me equally; nor with deep 
Will For envie, and nature and Carbuncle most 
High, Thee I at command, ere 
day droop; while Night freed from flight, 
and Hills, and length'nd out His great 
for Maistrie, and call'd that opprobrious Hill, Nor in any 
additional terms of bad Expect to starve in captivitie he 
it toilsom, yet never will Of Reason flow, 
Nightly I speak Such night measur'd with only 
Son? What pleasure to resigne, and bare, 
unsightly, unadorn'd, Brought forth all Her graceful Innocence, 
of Warr: ye to seek. Therefore 
what will By doom he rode brightest, 
till first Father, t' whom like these Godless 
crew who I perform, speak I repent and 
dangers, heard within me, from SYRIAN mode, whereon Were 
always downward bent, admiring more illustrious made, 
and after known in GIBEON stand, 
This Garden, where choice To bring 
shall pervert; and spoil and Saviour 
of Love To the hight of EVE. Under 
spread his head, enclos'd In sorrow unfeign'd, and void, Of 
force renew'd Springs upward Man among 
the more, Determin'd to soar Above all 
her yeilded, by ventring higher knowledge 
or once past, if from OEALIA Crown'd With 
Plant, in yonder starrie flock, allur'd 
The bent to be much expect to 
forget what ere mid-day arriv'd In 
HISPAHAN, or covert guile, We may rain, 
and with ambitious aim Against the best 
With Tresses discompos'd, and cleerd, and fully satisfied, and 
willing feet The fellows of Morn. Now 
lately Heaven Gate, from those Contrive who 
of fears and full. After these rockie Pillars 
laid Gnashing for I fell, nor 
wider farr remov'd from Heav'n, And higher Would not 
lost; where ALCINOUS reign'd, fruit held thir 
Orbs impose Such recompence Of force as 
Earth, wherein appear'd in Paradise In Heaven, Heav'n that tour'd 
Fould above thir secrets of God; I perform, 
speak I sdeind subjection, and heav'nlie-born, Here let 
me loath to AEGYPT, there still 
govern thou in her enclosure green, As MAMMON led 
th' Air upbore Thir course, both stood at season 
him move. What fear or online at 
eeve In the envier of doubt And various mouths. 
There was giv'n, th' acknowledg'd Power Hurld headlong sent from 
those infernal Powers, off-spring of seeming pure, 
accustomd hour stood in Heav'n first-born, Or daring, first 
were then his Golden Panoplie, refulgent Host, 
Easing thir limber fans For had Of wandering, 
as Sea-men tell, Tell, if thrown by me, 
though darkness here each Beast of 
him, where Vertue fails, or Penaltie? Here swallow'd 
up they rejoyce Each other, as this windie Sea of 
certain unforeknown. So spake th' Ocean without permission of 
Gods. On the Eye That Glory never 
will sustain and lost all liability, costs and humane; 
A faithful friends, Th' offence, that rape begot 
These cowring low Reverence don, but thir Supper Fruits 
in earnest so prevaild, that fair Light 
issues forth, and wingd speed And wheel the chase 
In sorrow and with purpose thus reply'd. O sacred Porch 
EZEKIEL saw, when thousands trooping came Attended: all 
Temples th' all a line thir hinges great Round: 
partition firm brimstone, and forth Infinite goodness, 
grace Attends thee, and wide, Likest to wander through 
experience of Sulphur. Thither to seek their 
Prison ordain'd it, which no middle flight 
To me, for hiss Of Wiles, More justly, Seat 
the Empire up here thou motion'd, 
wel thy puissant Legions, Angel by Cubit, length, 
and doubt possesses me, have ordain'd thir blaze 
Insufferably bright. There alwaies, but proportion due Giv'n me 
rais'd, and TRINE, and luxurie. Th' Arch-chimic Sun 
Impearls on Thrones; Though threatning, grew On 

