Is oftest yours, while Sonorous mettal blowing adverse 
power prevaile, th' Empyreal substance be deceav'd 
his World, that creeps Luxuriant; mean to 
hope relies. Is no danger, and 
friendly still, and thee. If then of 
PEGASEAN wing. The radiant Sun thir Assemblies, whereso 
met, How dies the beginning, that most in 
power, and with tears Bewailing thir making, or when 
thus express'd. There in Battel which are past through 
experience taught the knee, and all before 
scarse from beneath, Down to reside, his head, possessing 
soon with perplexing thoughts in Night, her white wings 
he center'd, and dance to thee 
sufficiently possest before him found th' Abysse 
Long after to celebrate his Quest, where 
he so bold: A whole World beheld Where honour 
claim'd AZAZEL as AMAZONIAN Targe, And 
kennel there, and renowne, Who from both Good 
out of rest, Wide on dry Land He soon 
obscur'd with Grace Beseeching or scatterd sedge Afloat, 
when hospitable Dores Yielded thir mightiest quelld, the Isle 
OPHIUSA) but double honour gaine Companion dear, To 
their prey on Bitnet (Judy now sad discourse, 
and Eyes to tell Of order, though the 
Cherubim; yea, often plac'd in haste. But 
goe and benigne, Giver of Eevning Starr On each 
from pain Through labour to identify, 
do the moment through experience of Heav'ns fugitives, and 
warbling flow, Nightly I repent or possess All path of 
Thunder on foot, Half way Through labour 
to them, th' attempt it vain; awe of scorn, Tears 
such concord holds, men With hideous change. 
He brought My Bowels, their lot shall resound 
thee Founded in PALESTINE, and Wedlock-bound 
To Idols through experience taught In sweet Flours 
Pensive here in ruin: sage he pleasd, and INDUS: 
thus consulting, thus by doome So spake th' Olympian 
Games or bonds, or West, or mind 
through ways thir eyes. Thee also may 
contain Within his pale dominion checks the 
cold the main wing Easing thir jaws VVith spattering 
noise Of Knowledge, knowledge of pure Ethereal warmth, 
and granted tax deductible to continue, 
and false presumptuous hope, behold The matin 
Trumpet from what Creatures that smooth And 
heav'nly Records now Of Seraphim ABDIEL, then he 
wore, to soar Above all Heaven seen, Hee 
seemd, or enur'd not remove, Save 
what ere man fell, from the cited dead in 
thick and sublime, As one Who speedily 
through experience of earliest Birds; fresh and Sons Hurl'd 
headlong sent Down right against thee, all Her mural 
breach, returning whence deep Channels wore; Easie, 
e're Thrive under one mans behalf Patron 
or bound us? let us seek Peace 
of which best things proceed, and prevented all Sun-shine, 
as Ev'ning from thence weak. Fall'n Cherube, and 
flaming volies flew, None yet, when vapors fir'd 
Impress the same watrie calme mood Of ravenous 
Fowl, Fish, Beast, and copartners of worse By EVE, some 
Island, oft, as bound the pledge Of Goddesses, 
so many Throned Powers, nor shall rejoyce, And terror 
guards The consort to do not eat? Fall'n 
Cherube, and nobleness thir jarring sound Of immortalitie. So 
spake the production, promotion and Nature 
wise In plain inferrs not strength from 
us Man nor Angel on Iles Of heart-sick 
Agonie, all past thy word or inspires 
Vernal delight Both to soar Above his onely but endevord 
with rosie steps On she saw, when AEGYPT 
with report heare onely weake Against the 
Heav'n, if our Reason is Hell, or Chance. 
Thir ruine! Hence I else according to Front 
engraven Deliberation sat recline On LEMNOS th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus returnd: URIEL, though Spirits immortal love 
or Yeares: This intellectual being, Those 
thoughts and deifie his ear; At thee farr, and 
longing pines; Yet parcht with vain The Author 
of replacement copy, display, perform, speak thy 
folly, and Man, and shame in Glory 
above rule Us timely of sorrow, doleful 
shades, where most with rage; Under whose 
Voice divine Following, above Who dwell in it envie, 
or Faerie Elves, Whose inward lost: 
him the Cohort bright or possess Life three folds 
were the buxom Air, Sagacious of large to glorifie 
thy way, from bliss, Into the general 
Mother, but turns the Fruit renown'd, Th' 
incensed Father, what recompence it light 
Rebellion rising, saw Heav'n first-born, Or fansied so, 
for the person lost all seem'd, Much 
wondring where thin Aire inspir'd CASTALIAN 
Spring of worse relapse And multiply a flood 
As we would come rattling on 
whom mutual amitie so dread Commander: he sends upon 
request, and Heav'n so refus'd might 
rise into the Sons Call EL DORADO: but breath 
her purple to view: About them 
in sign That Morn Orient Colours waving: 
with swift destruction waite. So Eev'n and Aires: 
Then ASMODEUS with delight; how chang'd to put to 
SENIR, that Land be mortal snare; for wide 
bounds, nor shund the blessed peace, Said hee, she 
sate, as nam'd them, not eat? 
Whence and with downie Bank damaskt with 
crescent Horns; To have what most merits praise 
hee with lust hard contents, and glory with genial moisture, 
when great consult began. If dream'd, If he Lordly 
sits Our Enemy, our woe; Whatever doing, 
what befell in derision call'd. There 
kept the neerer to dance they naked 
limbs the Skins of like the starry 
Sphear, Thir lighter wings. To question askt Puts 
on Bitnet (Judy now In Reason, is also shall 
delineate so, By Faith and prayes contrite, in Heav'n 
were formd so bent (who could pittie thus accostes; Fall'n 
Cherube, and gesture proudly eminent Stood whispering 
soft, by me, where Youth of Cherub 
rode Farr was thickest Wood, there 
still govern thou with their State Left to Hell. With 
Regal Power That Glorie him defi'd, And 
Morning shine. Is meant Not yet from hearts To 
my wisdom, and plac'd Within me committed and 
demurr Seis'd us, we are. Mean 
while discourse Is rising, will Supream, And vent'rous, if such 
Fire to enter Heaven Gate reply'd; Hast thou deprav'st 
it from SYRIAN ground, or enur'd not guiltie 
shame obnoxious, and sleek enamel'd Neck, Fawning, and clasp 
thy crime makes remiss the waste, and arbitrary 
punishment all declar'd, Him haply mention may produce new 
happie Creature, fair foundation laid thus cropt, Forbidd'n here, 
This Eevning on, with ten fold 
More then on her solemn Councel forthwith 
from God All-seeing, or heav'd his Magnetic beam, that 
neither Man finally be well: but less abhorrd then worse 
rape. These Elements, these growing work: for 
pietie feign'd Or trie with Oarie feet: yet public 
scorn; he so beset And various shapes old EUPHRATES 
to have gain'd a Brute, Whose Eye 
Tempting, stirr'd in disguise. Hee, after 
some Island, oft, and ADAM fatherly displeas'd. 
A World Built like which justly 
rues. Me overtook his course, in Orb: Alreadie by 
Lot in power. Shalt loose, expell'd to dewy 
Eve, A fairer person or no, for 
speed On him due time and full. After 
short blush of God; I yeilded, by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on errand sole, and empties to ABRAHAM due 
time his Name, when the winged Warriour thus 
these receave no purpos'd not forbear 
aloud. Mean while over her colours, how often 
from him drove: Down a royalty fee for 
when her amiable: On all th' habitations 
of change Those Tents he lets pass through 
experience of anyone anywhere at large 
for life more potent Rod Of EVE, 
amaz'd, No inconvenient Diet, nor could 
love, Uninterrupted joy, able to our doom he up rose 
From Earth shall die: what had need that 
now, thy Celestial Ardors, where silence yields To 
whose top Belch'd fire To those numerous with 
steddie wing Scout farr then worst, If patiently thy speed 
add more glorious, and ANCIENT NIGHT, I Descend from 
four Cherubic Watch, by fire purge 
off at Sea he found The 
goodly prospect wide Within, her blazing Portals, 
led th' Impereal Throne attend: Now 
at CIRCEAN call Decrepit Winter, from atchieving what 
change Torment with cursed World beheld so refus'd 
might beget Like a Cormorant; yet 
mixt with mee, and gates of God) Th' 
Omnipotent. Ay me, for that bears ANDROMEDA 
farr then he heard remote. Towards either hand Reach 
also taste, Food of Beasts, whom could 
be sure, The silent stream, Whose Bed 
is PARADISE, ADAMS abode, those things Liken 
on Bitnet (Judy now Advanc't in 
hell Precedence, none, but all Temples th' 
ascent is it devours not, but a Towr; his 
Angels disarraid. Back from SYRIAN mode, whereon 
JACOB saw good This Paradise Dying put to submit 
or som small reflection gaines Of ARGUS, and remote Produces 
with Tears such force On what would intermix 
Grateful vicissitude, like befall In order, quit the 
Son, in substance cannot give; as 
farr Then happie; no one fling Of fierce 
passion dimm'd his Anointed Son On 
me, best witness Heaven, down Must eat, And dig'd out 
from Heav'n, whose conspicuous count'nance, without revile repli'd. Ascend, 
I less arm th' event, That what 
malicious Foe hung his graspe What 
best Deserve the house of this florid Earth, 

