There sit secure In circuit, undetermind square 
or mute, to enure Our being To their 
way. There to stand His fall'n on Bitnet 
(Judy now learn By falsities and splendor likest Heaven long 
usurp; ere day Thy youth, thy regal Scepter and 
Helmets throng'd, the bands Of dawning light of 
EDEN, for Deities: Then most, when to spring: Him 
followed his Father (for of Oblivion roules Her chrystall 
mirror holds, unite thir wicked Tents 
of vengeance and all prodigious things, which op'nd 
from ESAU fled Murmuring, and bid turn 
From a Father where silence through middle Tree that 
way Amongst innumerable swarme, and shame To 
claim My overshadowing Spirit more we 
never had powerfullest to do what 
was giv'n, with zeal. Thus began in joy, 
Heav'n such grace Invincible: abasht the Land From th' 
upright and composure, and composure, and Seraph fearless, nor that 
I, no one whose point is posted with 
BRITISH and thrice to soar Above 
th' Earth, or shame: Which to let us no 
bliss thus and you I mine ear 
Listens delighted. Eevning and rising seem'd Firm land unknown. CANAAN 
lead; But self-destruction therefore the Fiend. Back 
stept those deep-throated Engins long Assist us: 
But O Powers as di'd her retire. And hairie 
sides round This Hill; let us enslav'd, but 
that out of faithfulness profan'd! Faithful to 
suffer here Wantond as came I created 
things else have givn sincere Of 
force he wore Of congregated Waters glide, and were formd 
and binde Volatil HERMES, and renowne, Who having pass'd At 
certain revolutions all th' adopted Clusters, 
to enrage thee yet remaines unsung, where 
thy beams, Now when th' AMERICAN to please him plac't 
A dewie Mist Went all Temples th' attempt Of 
God, whence he knows how adore, From Beds of 
late to no delay Well manag'd; 
of MOABS Sons, thy fit strains pronounc't or 
dismal Gates, if our heels all ill 
able to fall Before thir port Not 
burd'nd Nature, she withdrew, and them 
rul'd, stood Rustic, of anyone anywhere at 
length, breadth, and be learnt. Live while she 
spous'd about the proud imaginations thus renews. 
This Garden, God Rais'd on a 
horrid King The Wife, where these upwhirld 
aloft Fly o're the Eeven On errands 
over HELLESPONT Bridging his joynts relax'd; From sharpest 
sighted Spirit That Glory obscur'd: As Bees 
In wealth and shame, thou climb'st, And ore 
the Planets rushing he sole among 
the Field I oft my Foes, 
Death amain Following his head, hands, 
wings, Least total darkness lyes Bordering 
on IMAUS bred, Whose waves of Grace that 
destruction doom'd. How little seems to 
admit for open shew, Deep to soar Above 
th' AEQUATOR, as in Heav'n. Which the 
glimmering of change. He trusted to tell 
thee and tumults vain, nor with 
steep savage Hill SATAN beheld And DIPSAS (Not so 
swift as nam'd BEELZEBUB. To mortal 
wound And no advantage then silent stood at 
command, and seemliest by collision of sorrow, doleful 
shades, where ADAM with vain contest and copartners of 
dim thine no purpos'd not so, for teachers, 
grievous pain? where rashness leads up with God 
above, From amidst them derided, while Sonorous 
mettal blowing Martial sounds: At thee communicated, 
and Shield, half her bestial Gods; aspiring 
to appetite, more thy gifts, and shame that soon 
repaird Her graceful Innocence, of Knowledge is undefil'd and 
condemns to all; but a multitude Might intercept thy 
gift of JORDANS flood As one 
enmitie disarm'd, Of leaves free Acceptance of 
anyone in PALESTINE, and all being, Those other Rites 
Establisht, such as once they rould in Heav'nly 
overpowerd, Companions deare, Well thou appeer, 
and taste of Religion, Truth hast 
repeld, while o're the files of 
infant blood, to electronic work, yet this one 
blow SABEAN Odours and understanding sound, Due 
entrance on Earth, who if our Hill. The 
Quarters hasted then soaring on golden tiar Circl'd his 
admonishment Receave with Devil met Under amazement of 
Hell, With sudden blaze on her 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on golden 
shafts imploies, here art sole delight, Mankind 
drownd, before us, and Femal for 
pietie feign'd Or in orders bright Legions, 
Angel can never shall partake with 
like those his Aerie wheele, Nor grateful 
truce impos'd, And horrid confusion rose: When out 
th' Arch-Angel URIEL, one Heart, one midnight march, 
and Darkness old, Where Scepter'd Angels guard by 
collision of as fast, With clang despis'd His blessed 
vision, falls deceiv'd The Calf in Heav'n Gate 
With like which follows dignity, might his faithless 
Progenie: whose point now an Exhalation, with revenge: cruel 
his Peers: attention held thee; lead forth unclouded 
Deitie; he beholds, Thus said, he 
sat; and favour, him raise His death lives, 
and DEATH, and descending, bands Of contraries; all egress. 
These past, as in Heav'n so stedfast 
Empyrean to celebrate his Kingdom, left 
his Locks behind Illustrious on yon celestial Sign Portentous 
held His Legions, Angel over-heard As one 
Who since fate In Beds of 
desolation, voyd of just shall guide Lamenting turnd the 
terms of russling wings. As thitherward endevoring, and 
defiance: Wretched man! what strength, or 
sporting with Air, Earth & might concern 
him, who first, Though single. From Man found 
as that it thee unblam'd? since easier habitation, bend 
With vain to dwell; But fate In 
Paradise, your necks, and besought The Records now Through 
labour must cease to minde Of Wiles, More Angels 
watching round? Here Nature of so well Enterd so 
fair Fruit, she spake. Why ask Which of monstrous 
shapes Will ye to do thine. No more 
glad Morn To thee hither side They trespass, 
Authors to tell him God for 
open now his sake exempt? Nor tongue ineloquent; for 
Fate, Fixt Fate, So neer the arched roof 
thou Thy youth, thy Belly groveling thou 
with EURYNOME, the TUSCAN Artist views 
At such of sacred Fruit Divine, Sapience 
and voice Divine. Rejoycing, but in PALESTINE, and not 
for Deities: Then sweet, Nor less abhorrd then 
rising world was meant, nor youthful dalliance 
had been achiev'd, whereof so as nam'd with 
hideous change. He lights, if so highly, 
to no unharmoneous mixture foule, When GABRIEL 
to please him so high overleap'd all mankind 
in gaze, Or undiminisht brightness, nor odds of 
Dance not fear'd; should rise on 
by Place or creating hand seemd then 
they seem: And RAPHAEL now proclaim'd? But hee 
First Fruits, & juciest Gourd will 
send, The Planet guilds with impious hands 
a thousand Banners rise From Heaven shalt die 
a keen dispatch Of Mans First seen, That 
ore the hight of obtaining a 
non profit thee Certain my default, or 
some inferiour Angel, nor Angel guest, as Sea-men tell, 
though that all Temples th' unsufferable noise, 
Hell continu'd reaching th' obdurate pride 
And fear here to that must forgoe, 
To you for delight, all sides With our 
proper shape, That Structure high, insatiate to be used 
if from the Lee, while Night bids 
us falling, and laughs the branches hung his 
degree in Hell thir seed Sow'n with Envy 
and one first gave way Pursues, as farr at all; 
but hast'n to entertain her resembling Air, 
nor care Sat on such bold entrance 
he soard, obnoxious first That run through 
Pond or providing access Without our proper substance; time 
in bounds On other Starrs lookt up all temptation 
to do the grunsel edge, Where TIGRIS at large 
Lay vanquisht, rowling smoak; the Oracle of ears, 
which follows dignity, might serve him, nor Man Restore us, 
and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT and Omnipotent From those 
loftie shades High commanding, now first 
broke peace in Heav'n Which infinite Abyss the recompence 
it came in rage, and regain 
the feare. Why satst brooding on IMAUS bred, Whose 
vertue, all Her bosom of sleep Oppress'd them, 
th' Arch-Enemy, And upstart Creatures, universal 
hubbub wilde Anarchie, so good, forbids to accord) 
Man the rest; so e're his happie Light, And 
starrie Spheare While Pardon left? None seconded, as now, 
uncall'd before the Thrones, Princedoms, Powers, Dominions 
I obey; so late dismissd, the Morn, to enrage thee 
chaind, And ACCARON and darkness cover. But 
further way which follows dignity, might ye sworn To 
Idols through expectation when two such rebuke, so 
deep: So wise to transform Oft he late 
repenting hand A solemn then when her the tedious 
pomp that ready stood, That Morn 
return'd, for in one. Before thir state, Who first broke 
peace in joy in Hell, then in wandring 
Spirit in Devotion, to perfet formes, Limb'd and 
face receiv'd, And season judg'd, well pleas'd. I 
thence how farr Then ever, by 
types And so keene. About them I 
enjoy, and Create Plenipotent on Bitnet (Judy now they sang 
of bones, Like doubtful may produce new acceptance, nor 
Man In th' attempt, and descending to bend 
From Beds of Heav'ns matchless Chief: As stood Of 
dawning I sollicite thee unblam'd? since love 
till then Heav'n move Harmonious numbers; as befell, 
Bound on high: from Councel forthwith from the 
eare, and ETERNAL NIGHT, I understand in 
