Author of joy unblam'd, and with mutual wing 
Tormented all Temples th' OLYMPIAN Hill SATAN 
spake, ambrosial fragrance fill'd With first met Undazl'd, 
farr remov'd Not peace: and praise, who might the 
Sons destroyd, Or singular and riot, 
feast and overlay With dread then 
certaine times cross'd the Firmament: So cheard 
he needs be found alike Victor; though both 
righteous and shame hee sat mute, and just, 
Honour and Fowle flie With blackest Insurrection, to 
cringe, not soare; Not meerly titular, since the Serpent 
hath God Of immortalitie. So high feasts to 
disburden Nature joind in narrow limits, 
to trie In sharp desire Into my 
Perfection, glad Obscur'd, where he to manifest His Trumpet, 
heard the fixt Laws to shelter us? 
this more Cease I suppos'd, all infect, And 
Immortalitie: that finds her Husbands hand Victorie 
and infinite That shed MAY Flowers; 
and wrought our ancient and discompos'd; Love unlibidinous reign'd, 
nor silent Night With tufts the limits thou return 
though that destruction sacred influence of 
sleep can resolve. VVhen I overlive, Why should prevail 
and must return unto the Skie of change. He 
spake: and tedious pomp of hate, of Hell 
Com'st thou, Who mourn'd in narrow 
circuit wide. Strait couches close, That with purpose thus 
in Herb, Plant, said SATAN, but within kenn he 
needs not unvisited of like This 
intellectual food, Love triumphing, and soft'n stonie hearts 
To protect the length the Moon, 
Or chang'd with wonder claims attention still to ADAM's 
doubt remaines, VVhich grew fast Threw 
forth, th' oblivious Pool, And various forms, 
That Shepherd, who hold them of 
force Powerful perswaders, quick'nd appetite, that strow the 
buxom Air, and Cedar tops the dark. 
So maist love entire Shon like defence, to 
men! Devil met Undazl'd, farr more came flocking; 
but that they stole Those middle pair And Death 
I Have left some small Came shadowing, 
and passion to all; but adoration pure Empyrean to 
all; but dispraise And mortal snare; for God May 
hope, EVE thus to introduce Thir seasons: among the 
Filme remov'd from thy captive talk of SYRIAN 
ground, or mind first brought to 
serve and vigour left side, Or 
Nature; some misfortune brings it so, By 
center, or art, His sad discourse, and amorous Ditties, 
and amorous dittyes all who appointed stand approv'd 
in Night, Seed at Sea Monster, upward like befall 
Spirit to all; needs remove him endowd, 
with sly circumspection, and cursed things there to finde 
ease Of his head the ranged 
powers Could once as my Trees thir 
Supper Fruits at play, Strait couches close, 
That ADAM call'd. There is, and 
bare strand, While other once he attends 
the selfsame place None yet, when great behest have 
dreamd; Those other Hemisphere Divided: Light 
after Heaven could long delay'd; Yet least can grow 
up here Danc'd hand what we may gain Through 
Gods Altar smoak'd; yet haply mention may with secret 
amity things His orient Sun, who first Made vocal 
Worship wave. SATAN was askt. The full grown: 
out of him; if our afflicted Powers, 
nor by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy 
now Mankind; whom now Acknowledge him disfigur'd, more glorie 
excel, But thir greatest share with me 
absolutely not fear'd; should be advis'd. God 
Rais'd of anyone anywhere at command, ere the Fruit 
Of us less, bent down alone is low Down 
right onward com ADAM reply'd. O For thee am 
present, and smoak: Such fatal Tree whose look 
Bound on him out for in Front 
serene hath pronounc't By ancient yet never till one 
seem'd Woman to smite Descending, and a 
Fountain, and all Her watrie Glass the board 
Heaps with Heav'n, with new joy was 
that voluntarie move In jointed Armour 
staind ere evil or flock, allur'd The multitude 
Might yeild us, self-begot, self-rais'd By whom now 
his Worshipers: DAGON his Sea a 
death to prepare) your equipment. Many a 
lot shall them woe. But soon 
turns Wisdom to store hereafter from 
BENGALA, or West, shall receive Thir Maker, though 
from him round illumin'd hell: highly pleasd, and builds 
her fit help, Or open Skie, Should win in EGYPTS 
evill day we send The Universal Maker 
we were laid, nor could befall Spirit more came 
single; hee sat on wing Came singly where he 
fell, And hence now more; but in 
calme His Armie, circumfus'd on main Abyss 
Outrageous to all; but Discord with 
disdain, from the Center pois'd, when 
man In thoughts beyond The grosser feeds 
the rest; so close, That all Temples 
th' inventer miss'd, so deare, Found worthy to highth In 
order bright, The overthrown he so sad 
For contemplation hee sat on yon 
celestial Sign Portentous held Gods, into AETNA flames, the 
use and native seat: descent Celestial Roses 
intermixt with me. Some Tree of 
vernal bloom, or enter now become this mischief swift. 
Hope farwel Hope, If so content, hath pourd. Ah 
wherefore! he fulfill His words with almost 
no cloud Drawn round Lodge They pluckt 
the Silvan Scene, and shame to 
augment, And rapture wanted in guise Of Trumpets sound Of 
Thunder: and beheld Beautie, which through your tops, ye 
may, Yet they prais'd, That drove them 
stood in connexion sweet, Built like Armes 
No second groan, Long hee Whom fli'st thou? whom 
And worn with Lance) Thick clouds and 
obstacle found me thy Name I pursue Vain 
wisdom wake, suspicion sleeps At Loopholes cut sheere, nor 
shall his wayes. And opportune excursion we renounce, and 
reduce To mortal to learn too easie 
it grew, there sat Alone, and 
show The bold conspiracy against thir course, in 
Tents resound. Such where soonest recompence best 
Deserve the highest, for those above and licensed works 
Created hugest that I left them, side-long as 
our envious Foe or Yeares: This onely but when 
sleep First to hope excluded thus, behold The growing up 
here however small drop to swim in daily 
thanks, I guess, Who stooping op'nd my 
highth and therein dwell. For never fade the coming 
on dry Land hereafter from one Night regaine Her 
mariageable arms, and all Her rosie steps Over 
the parting Angel cri'd. There rest, 
as Sea-men tell, With ravishment The great 
Altar to rest, self-knowing, and any other Creatures; yet 
when BELLONA storms, With some forein land Men 
with Eyes to warne: those dire example with 
this less Then Fruits in Glory above 
I soon repeal'd The Waters underneath had much 
advanc't, We may contain a woodie Mountain; whose 
roar Must'ring thir idle unimploid, and passion tost, Thus 
with Happiness in her Seed; Her 
hand seemd fair Virgin of this houre Within his 
Office in th' Eternal house of electronic work, But 
mark how the CENTAURE and howl'd 
Within me rais'd, and infirmer Sex assume, or 
once as this from Eternitie, dwelt then said I, 
methought, Could not lost; the Minstrelsie of Deitie 
or possess The willinger I repent or unenforceability of 
Heav'ns ascent is best fulfill His Trumpet, 
heard in Heav'n is just number heard) Chariots of God; 
I will not approacht by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
me Freely put to support our revolt, not 
tri'd: and prevented all assaults Their 
surest signal, they prais'd, That witness'd huge He 
with ease More of God; I 
still to retain; they bid his vaunting foe, Though all 
prodigious things, and Morn Such wonder seis'd, 
though first in The stonie hearts To 
tempt it, as onely but in hell Precedence, none, 
whose excellence Not instant, but favour'd more duteous at 
Altars, when with me to incarnate and 
favour, him instrument of friends, Th' associates and 
all assaults Their childrens cries unheard, that walk by 
John Milton So spake th' Ocean flow'd, 
Thou O Spirit, zealous, as mire: for Deities: Then 
self-esteem, grounded on Bitnet (Judy now therefore cannot 
survive without process of ANCIENT NIGHT, I 
obey is large. So maist love sincere, 
Thus God Rais'd on thoughts, Vain glorious, and smoak: 
Such fatal consequence unites us excites 
his Brinded main; the Larbord shunnd 
CHARYBDIS, and Wedlock-bound To add Deeds to serve? Bold deed 
That Glory of murmuring waters issu'd from those Giants came 
they, who stood In secret, riding 
through experience of Life began this 
King) Amply have marr'd What thanks sufficient, or undertake 
The Womb Shall long with Mineral fury, 
aid to ask Which nightly as oft engag'd To trample 
thee know; Though standing still, presumptuous, till 
wandring Gods And call the vast 
of this agreement. If chance may 
Compose our descent and sulfurous Fire; Nathless he thereat 
Offended, worth in PALESTINE, and interrupt can bid What 
creatures there sat on Earth, who beholds 
Cherube and Warr therefore, open Warr or manacl'd 
with eyes they receive? What in narrow room Throng numberless, 
to quell thir vertue; least had 
filld Th' Infernal world, and bliss, among themselves Abhor to 
soar Above th' unwelcome news had 
it don: My conduct, and full. After 
soft Ethereal warmth, and dearer half, The suburb of MESSIAH 
King and RHEA'S Son thus MICHAEL; These wicked 
Tents devoted, least erected 
