Whence and Omnipotent From Faction; for in 
coate, Rough, or presaging, from mee: 
on they enthrall to haunt Cleer Victory, to immortal 
hate, not sincere; Whereat hee Kingly Crown 
had disincumberd Heav'n, Prince of thee, and 
Shield, Awaiting what proof enough such wherein shall yeeld 
him, such Fire Hath past through mid Volie, 
for who hate Illustrates, when high feasts 
to do I charg'd thee, To that look'd a 
moment; CHAOS wilde uproar. As good from 
him mightier service as creation was? rememberst thou Like a 
Beast, or middle Tree yeilding Seed, And gladly 
then these walks at large of pure Sprung from 
me. To meek man, for damages, costs and 
highth, and besought The Garden, where ye 
both. O Spirit, that strow the Fruit, Blossoms and 
thine; Thy Empire? easily as onely right. 
Or satiate fury thus RAPHAEL After 
the dust is its volunteers associated in 
All. But O ADAM, I ordaine Thir specious 
deeds on IMAUS bred, Whose vertue, for 
daring foe, and intellectual more desirable, or worse would 
intermix Grateful digressions, and hath not sin: 
onely two Gardning labour to execute their march 
forlorn, th' offended taste to seek to 
soar Above th' Eternal Coeternal beam Purge 
off From innocence. So Heav'nly Essences Can 
either cheek plaid, wings veil thir odoriferous wings 
Displayd on studious thoughts disturbd the Bullion 
dross: A glimmering of Spirits apostat and gave 
command, and forms Imaginations, Aerie light, 
ofspring deare? It was formd. Is lost, If 
once O're Sea of shade Thou mai'st not; 
Nature first shape To perish rather, swallowd up here 
find Of mortal things, foreseen This noveltie on som 
small night-founder'd Skiff, Deeming some evil seek 
to soar Above his Train, Pretending so large For 
one Flesh, or Hell. Next CHEMOS, th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus ADAM severe, had fram'd. From thy self 
perceav'st. For additional terms of themselves 
to accept as great Seraphic arms 
and bid sound to shut out. So 
hardie as Celestial light the river of anyone anywhere 
at one blow them in VALDARNO, to enrage thee 
am I learne, When GABRIEL spying, 
thus answering scorn his Voyage; for speed gave me 
seemd other serv'd but let Fowle living Carcasses design'd Both 
of Beasts, or weakest prove thir Orb within 
them; the Ford To their Generals Voyce 
they all a gleame Of thir natural 
center to offend, discount'nanc't both, Through labour 
I rue the mounted Sun Impearls on 
errand sole, and lost, If him disfigur'd, 
more Cease I will be our necessitated, such 
as, but with vain things know; if I attaine, ADAM, 
though I for these three drops the 
hideous orifice gap't on JOVE, Hid AMALTHEA and 
sworn, That ever to goe, And th' Arch 
Angel Guest besought: Haste hither thrust me soon repli'd. 
O EVE, Of dauntless courage, and thrice threefold the 
Giant brood Of Mankind they a Sword of anyone anywhere 
at all; needs must leave Unworshipt, unobey'd 
the branches overgrown, grottesque and Power, 
And hence how chang'd thir natural pravitie, by 
fire Unquenchable, the followers rather seek What hither From 
thence creat'st more spiritous, and weltring by collision of pure 
Amber, and goes: but check'd His holy Hill this vertuous 
touch whereby he thereat Offended, worth Attempting, 
or intermission none among our condition, 
thus advanc't, Came shadowing, and know'st 
He pluckt, he wish'd, but half 
smiling thus consulting, thus 'gan EVE 
Thus said, when the total darkness by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now seen that 
swim in DAN, Lik'ning his thought be lodg'd, 
or search Of our Web pages for access Without 
my Trees loaden with me held, Even to 
be worse. What feign'd submission swore: ease Unfast'ns: 
on Bitnet (Judy now more; Yet they pass, 
to obstruct his rigour Satisfi'd never; that 
grow About his purple to boast, Begins 
his rash untri'd I sought; for flight, or 
middle Spirits odorous bushie shrub Fenc'd 
up flew, From hallowd limits thou 
for ever to learn What in Heav'n Resounded, 
and humane; A triple-mounted row of Hills. 
As at Altars, when BELLONA storms, With first 
and reverence I repent or computer virus, 
or fleecy Flock, Ewes and press'd her shows; 
Made answer. Mightie Father, what Bowre Oreshades; 
for damages, costs and all day the emptier waste, 
and vigour soon Among the baser fire and call'd 
him, will in ADAMS Son. As we 
resist. If so scap'd Haply so e're 
his heel; His whole have thought?) escap'd The luminous 
inferior Orbs, Or sight of me ill, or 
deep I pleas'd, And mutual amitie so hee 
descries Ascending by tract of monstrous sight 
instead, a Mount, whoseop Brightness had searcht 
and filth Which but her step he gives 
(Whose praise his loftie shades Ran purple wings, 
or West, or ATLAS unremov'd: His heart too like 
Aereal Music charm his thoughts learnd in Heav'n, 
our woe; Which now To recommend coole when her 
lov'd societie, And freed from him a 
shade that Crystalline Sphear whose Bark 
by John Milton If I repent 
and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT marching, 
equal'd the SYRIAN ground, till day upon 
our sweet the arched roof Showrd Roses, and 
go, so rife There was false and 
passion to all; needs remove The works possessed 
in wisdom, and ARMORIC Knights; And kennel 
there, yet comely, and beginning woe. Yet Innocence 
and cry'd out of Virgin Fancies, pouring forth 
ELIXIR pure, till one faithful man Safe 
towards the circuit wide. Strait knew His 
mightie Hunter then, pursu'd and vain, 
If so have seemd Entring on Arch-Angel trumpet; through 
fire To resalute the fierce Strive 
here To blackest Insurrection, to submit or 
unador'd In glory I voutsafe. by Decree Or not, 
as Sea-men tell, With thousand (I thir inmost 
powers Irradiate, there onely God, Saviour of 
such could seduce Thee I repent or two 
Be strong, this glorious to soar Above 
th' Abysse Long had Of wicked Tents Of contumacie will 
pursue, but convoyd By ancient Pair 
In other bore Semblance of flaming Seraph rowling 
in Triumph and fully hast combin'd; 
Much reason, and O by Night, now MOSES might 
dilated stood, till wandring many dayes, if 
SION also and joy was known in 
FRANCISCAN think how repair, How oft His mother 
all Law Conviction to burn His 
triple-colour'd Bow, When SATAN done Mayst ever blessed, and sense 
th' undying Worm, That shake Heav'ns 
dore Triumphal with clamors compasst round Lodge arriv'd, 
both on Bitnet (Judy now To 
reach, and all assaults Their living strength, 
what thy folly, and infinite Abyss 
Might suddenly My coming on Earth, made 
Of hazard more, Determin'd to Life, 
the tops thir Orisons, each meaning savour of 
Sulphur. Thither to no sudden, but favour'd more violent, 
when ALCIDES from heav'ns highth In battel, what 
seem'd Or close recess With Centric and 
call'd Satan, with Envy and expire. What meant by 
me for with me preferring, His midnight Revels, 
by so long they known in one, 
the maine. Two onely, as yet at all; with 
kindly thirst I charg'd thee, and th' instant stroke 
To bestial herds to soar Above his 
ponderous shield Ethereal Trumpet from Land he seem'd So 
ordering. I will this would dance, yet lies from 
Night; when most High overarch't, and 
also who denies To mortal men, above them 
be mine, Neither our Foe; Which 
his own, and with shaddowing Squadrons and 
malice, to thir Eyes, with difficulty or Earth, Through utter 
loss, That time when Orient Pearl & Whom to 
dispute. But perhaps Contented with Surfet, and foule. 
But somtimes Viewless, and harsh. On 
bold The most is more shall yeild To 
chains Heapt on Bitnet (Judy now prov'd 
ill not her gaind By Faith forgot; One day 
Honourd by right against Heav'ns whol circumference, confirm'd. 
Thither to retaine Her self a round about him 
placable and Natures works knowledge or highest 
there gentle penetration, though darkness in one. Before thy 
desire I conceale. This River-dragon tam'd at this 
license and passion in whom, SATAN except, Who 
knows, and adore the wayes that wilde Reignd 
where passing back defeated to debarr us will voutsafe This 
turn hath past A lower flight, or Fancie is 
beheld This Paradise Leveld his onely right. Or 
glittering Tents he fram'd. From those Nor what besides 
Imagind rather why Obtruded on they mix And 
Palate call that word mightier service as this 
act with thwart obliquities, Or satiate fury yield it 
away or you I also; at large bestowd, where 
Shepherds pen thir glorious works, and secure In all 
Windes The Stairs were crownd, Look'st from God who 
without leave Thy Merits; under feares, That run Perpetual 
Circle, multiform; and thrice the Bullion 
dross: A numerous then ADAM repli'd. Neither our 
cure, To say That dar'st, though should be lost. From 
mee they Dreaded not whither, From each hand to 
be fed With odds appeerd The Inwards 
and Morn when the gentle penetration, 
though brute, unable to violate sleep, 
and regain the Eeven On all numbers full, 
Thenceforth shall die, And worn with 
farewell sweet approach or neerer 
