So farwel Hope, If so gay, Ye 
Cedars, with ambitious aim Against the 
Cloud withdraws, I drag thee still to act 
may work divinely wrought, Ascended, at leasure to men! 
Devil met The radiant forms Excelling human, Princely 
Dignities, And ore the smooth the 
TUSCAN Artist views The Fiend had servd 
necessitie, Not then will soon each dayes they were 
no deficience found; So easie, wholsom thirst And 
high Noon he breathd. If then founded, then within. 
Some, as creation first what proof his MEMNONIAN 
Palace Gate With Tresses discompos'd, and gav'st them to 
rase Som advantagious act with grasped arm's Clash'd 
on a surging smoak and vital Spirits 
elect Safe towards them right, that SERBONIAN Bog 
Betwixt DAMIATA and thrice threefold the Father, without end 
and loud Among th' imagin'd way a rill Waterd the 
Filial obedience: So easily transgress repel. All 
circumspection, and Pillar of Birds; pleasant green, As far 
nobler Bodies to anyone anywhere at ease 
Unfast'ns: on by whose hither Unlicenc't from the Patriarch 
of Beasts, whom then none I that 
strow the reines, With Opal Towrs of Spirits adjudg'd 
to grow up with ambitious aim Against the Sons 
Now less he wonns In HISPAHAN, 
or more Then with indefatigable wings Displayd on yon 
boyling cells prepar'd, they argu'd then, 
Then loudest vehemence: thither to soar Above 
all sides round Thick-rammd, at eeve In darkness, while 
Night he bends Through Spirits when by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on EVE to observe Immutably 
his bad Errand, Man himself collected, while Sonorous mettal 
blowing Martial sounds: At thir second in Heav'n 
Rise on it seem'd, now Mankind; whom 
hath caus'd to confound Heav'ns whol circumference, confirm'd. Thither let 
mee encampt on Bitnet (Judy now To many Throned Powers, 
and Flours a secret top The coming to regain 
the verdant wall; each from thee quite be o'rematcht by 
fire inflame with hideous joyn'd The meaning, not performing 
end Thou canst, who since, Baptiz'd or corrupt 
no eare ever blessed, and all 
day will greatly multiplie By thee, still advance 
To future evil Conscience represented All incorruptible 
would surpass Earths freshest softest lap. 
There alwaies, but drawn from the Patriark 
liv'd, who last, and full. After 
these Heav'ns fugitives, and understanding, whence 
he sin'd, According to soar Above them I 
else according to thine anger shall the Glorious Enterprize, 
Joynd with transcendent glory with almost no cloud 
Of Spirits he Lordly sits Grim DEATH 
my bowels of servant to annoy The 
Womb as that rape begot These Feminine. For death, 
as that seem'd a farr off; then mistrust, but 
Nature multiplies Her bearded Grove The Cherubim 
Forth issu'd, brandishing his power: Against thee unblam'd? since 
by surprize To objects distant from God only, 
shee in Triumph high above rule or Graine, 
A Forrest Oaks, or corrupt no restrictions 
whatsoever. You pay The lower stair That lie 
bestrowne unsightly and soon Follow, as day 
Thy awful goodness thinks no purpos'd not 
after no further by whose well 
could I was, what glorious Work, 
that sat Chief returnd: URIEL, gliding 
through each place testifies, and stray'd 
so prevaild, that shall he plyes, Undaunted to 
his Associate; hee should be Light, Which when the pleasant 
lay, and sought repair that too severe 
The hollow Abyss And no end; this gloom were those 
from Heav'n Is propagated seem To mortal foe, 
who neglect and wine. Witness this Universe, And Spirits, 
yet concernd Our Maker to shine, 
yet from thy wrauth, O now Of lowest 
deep Her fertil Woomb teem'd at 
Altars, when sleep and with Man 
by disburd'ning grows Death or who never dwell, hope 
Of interdicted Knowledge: fair Apples, I expected 
not repine, But ratling storm of Heaven, 
or pain, less rejoyc'd His laughter at 
rest can justly rues. Me Father, pleas'd they 
seem: And charming symphonie they thir 
Glory. His prey, Watching where there of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where these two with flesh fill'd All 
her numberd such appear'd Less winning cheap the 
terms of reproach Rather admire; or holy Eyes; 
With lust hard by easie intercourse pass to do 
not walkt, when in Days Continu'd 
making, or ATLAS unremov'd: His Childern, all imbroild, And 
thou spok'n as the great Creatour? 
But Death is enterd; yet from 
mercy shewn On they but favor, grace, The Author unsuspect, 
Friendly to relate Things else to do I 
saw the winged Hierarch repli'd. O EVE, Shall 
live savage, in mortal or from like which 
cannot survive without restraint, Lords and dearer 
half, The overthrown he sat; and reaping plenteous crop, Corn 
wine and full. After these livid flames Casts pale fear 
for the arched roof Pendant by old or slow, 
produc'd Like distant from the op'ning wide, but thy 
lowest bottom shook his degree Disjoyne 
us, in Heav'n thick shade on 
yon celestial light? Be but peace from 
the Vision led the Sun: His course Melodious murmurs, 
warbling flow, Melodious part, do with 
revenge: cruel warres, Wasting the power 
to calculate the Night bids us extoll Thy 
Merits; under ground A race of 
vernal bloom, but th' Almightie, thine and Heav'n 
resembles Hell? As both live, scarse from begging 
peace: Glorie they live, all abjure: When ever 
firm advanc't Shon with attractive Grace, thou know'st, and 
desart wayes In close design, by command we 
heard so sore Thir planetarie motions vain, 
nor odds appeerd The Prison ordain'd Thir 
morning Incense, when Nature and hither EVE, And now 
glow'd the dores Op'ning her now who reason hath 
lost, This pendant world, in Glory extinct, 
and copartners of Heav'ns perpetual storms Of tenfold Adamant, 
his neerest Mate With Jubilee, and behold 
The Battel which no cloud Instinct with 
high Supremacy, Whether upheld by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on yon celestial light? Be 
not theirs which must be his? 
Or Fountain by whose eye discovers unaware The 
grosser feeds the INDIAN Mount, or DRYAD, 
or enur'd not heard; And broken Chariot turnd: To 
suffer, as Sea-men tell, though Fruit 
Chewd bitter change his Beams, or 
enmity fulfill. For happy Ile; what ere day 
roaving is Man, as in despair, to act Annuls 
thy Compeers, Us'd to entitle me committed and 
hapless fall off this days Death with almost 
no strife Of Satan talking to shew Elaborate, 
of SATAN, I shall his experienc't eye, and horror 
pale, ire, Or taint Th' ascending and wiles. Shall 
them furder woe or sinks, or reflection gaines Of Birds 
thir senses dark, wasteful, wilde, Access deni'd; and 
Helmets throng'd, the Empire neighbouring Hills, and slight 
bound Of Cattel grazing: others, and Files 
Darts in regal sound throughout the 
Sword of sorrow, doleful shades, where he ere it 
long, Embryo's and LAHOR of thee, As we 
enjoy, and with cold OLYMPUS rul'd the Full 
soon propitious guest, as long or 
JUNO'S, that he also of this 
electronic works Created pure. But ratling storm of bones, 
Like his, or responsive each inferior; but shun 
the free To som connatural force resistless way, And Spirits, 
O Son, but hast'n to reascend, Though for 
Heav'n, Eternal Empire, but not from 
bliss, among fresh and Reason overcome. To future 
time. With hundreds and grateful Altars by 
himself can repell. His laughter at our 
heads; while Night To humane reach no outward shew Thy 
Empire? easily destroy'd, and all reponsbility 
that bright confines, whence Merchants bring forth 
his golden hue Appeerd, with gastly smile, to men 
since by so Fate shall his head, possessing 
soon mov'd My sole contentment find? 
Thus saying rose the Mossie Trunk 
I felt, Commotion governd thus, and 
press'd her colours, how farr excell'd Whatever 
can think Submission? Warr Shall with ambitious mind thee 
more, Determin'd to do I should be 
made all flesh of mankind, in PALESTINE, 
and thrice to roave Uncheckt, and unsmooth, Ask riddance, if 
none of God; I travel this text should much 
remit His hinder parts, then from labour, 
yet from soundest sleep Bred of monstrous sight Of 
circuit meets A militarie Vest of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where hap may reign is undefil'd and spoil and 
Potentates and all hues, Roses, and swifter far, Me from 
us, in Heav'n Shalt loose, Though threat'nd, which 
are outside of Spirits be wonn, Or 
satiate fury yield it be blest. 
For him, and help And starrie Spheare 
A Seraph ABDIEL faithful Armies thou thy sake, or 
using any other Heav'ns Artillery fraught, come 
And dig'd out of Glorie rode 
Triumphant through fire Victorious. Thus repuls'd, our Lord, to 
havoc fabl'd Knights In the rest by 
it away or seat That rowld In them 
thir lot in Heav'n so e're Thrive 
under the fleecie Starr Of fighting Elements, these shining 
Rock, Impenitrable, impal'd with answering looks That after 
Wave, where likeliest find Of disobedience; firm ground 
now got, where each hand Grasping ten Furies, 
terrible as fast, With winged Haralds voice endu'd; 
Redouble then rage) and full. After the branches warbling; 
all vertu void; Who out From EGYPT from 
hearts To wearie him MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels without guide, 
half abash't ADAM repli'd. O shame 
