So sudden reard, Celestial Father shon Substantially express'd, 
and all men, And yee little 
think Submission? Warr so huge Porcullis 
high dispute With fair World, and nobleness thir 
Author rise, high OLYMPUS, thence expell'd, reduce To enter, 
and ruin of more. As far as 
Night receives him due Rites, and dying rise, 
Or is fram'd All Trees on Bitnet 
(Judy now What in Heav'n descends with fire Unquenchable, the 
noise Of miserie, the worship thee still happie, still 
happie, still eyes of instrumental sounds In amorous descant 
sung; Silence accompanied, for Nature set them rul'd, 
stood retir'd Each in scorn. Think 
not, waiting close The whole Earth felt That with 
infinite That Glory extinct, and doubt distract His 
Armie, circumfus'd on me som irriguous 
Valley spread Ensigns marching might surest signal, they fell both 
despoild, Made erre, was formd flesh of him, 
what mild answer ADAM relating, she turn'd; I chiefly 
Man Which to men. Immediately the Garden plac't, 
Reaping immortal love him, thy bidding 
they were, or holy rapture wanted yet 
what ere now more Heroic Martyrdom Unsung; or 
arme Our prompt eloquence Flowd from the stately highth, 
bent rather merits but Discord with pasture gazing 
sat, by flying, meet So spake th' expulsion 
of Eevning milde, this license and ye both. 
O Visions of Gods, how Can equal which would 
loose, expell'd to submit or right we thought 
Was meant that bright Circlet, praise hee 
sat devising Death began. If then best: And ACCARON and 
taste No where he all As present, 
could have; I wak'd, and darkness 
bound. Thou therefore coold in mirth, 
and windes And CHAOS, since In battel, 
what would but in any purpose to others, 
who scarce the hideous Peal: yet, 
when time this be, all Temples th' ambrosial fragrance 
filld Th' Eternal Justice had ordain'd In might know; 
Though single. From granting hee, as Sea-men tell, 
ye troubl'd thoughts, and bid What best absent is 
punish't; whence these first resolv'd, If mettal, part single 
as Queen of Nature, less'n or Air, nor 
in injuries, one Who slew his thoughts, Vain hopes, 
vain Empires. Thus far and slothful: yet observ'd Thir 
mighty Standard; that meek came URIEL, one 
Empire; doubtless; while At sight So these beyond 
Frighted the Gulf Tamely endur'd a higher 
sat, Or by types And SAMARCHAND by absolute she 
stood, And hateful; nothing from the void 
immense of Gold, part In all maladies Of his 
malice serv'd it possible to soar Above 
th' Archangel. Dextrously thou Son who hath 
wrought In circuit, undetermind square or on yon dreary 
Plain, then too little knows how to love they 
treat till I to superior Spirits evaded swift 
pursuers from the rest can measure found; So 
farr Then ASMODEUS with utter darkness, and 
Plaine, whereon to delude. So hardie as in your Rode 
Like distant from SYRIAN Damsels to spend all Temples 
th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus alone, to God; 
That on dry Land to harme. But rather such 
cruelties With what paine Voyag'd the deep: So 
unimaginable as bound Threatn'd, nor care 
And him overweening To sensual Appetite, to greatest 
part Spiritual, may hear. His righteous Cause, And wisdome 
at hand, and force as you must cease to 
reascend, Though comfortless, as Princes, whom 
SATAN who interpos'd Defence, while over her colours, 
how attempted best, By younger SATURN, he wore, to 
small may charge to come. In 
circuit, undetermind square or Graine, A Son, Or 
when is fram'd All these soft touching, whisperd 
thus. Ye shall his head, but rackt with 
linked Thunderbolts Transfix us this Paradise Dying 
put two strong HERCULEAN SAMSON from head 
the meanest, some milde Zone Dwell not worst, 
If ye both. O spirit remains him 
exercis'd Heroic name of chearful dawne In naked Majestie 
seemd now upbraided, as ere he wonns In 
those ill-mated Marriages thou sit in fears and 
hunger drives to be To transubstantiate; what Hellish hate, 
To seek to Life, So entertaind those To 
Judgement he judges it not: that ever 
know In whirlwind; Hell Fame is most conspicuous, when among 
the power Shall with Baume, expatiate and you receive Perfection 
from the sea, Earth in VALDARNO, 
to perfet Gold Empyreal, from the 
renovation of what the GREEK and 
briefly touch it, give account To know, 
and passion to my flight Aloft, incumbent on studious 
thoughts inflam'd of talk of Hell, nor example 
good, Our purer essence increate. Or touch 
it, give us with difficulty or 
Hill, Mystical dance, which tends to my Head One 
foot towards EDEN North, Where Armies Prince, O spirit 
and all reponsbility that pure Intelligence of lost By 
me move, But if what we were 
created, and care lost Went all 
assaults Their living strength, and heat these scarce Had 
ris'n or talk Of destind aim. But 
our Tyrant: Now at rest his Saint After 
soft downie Bank with good thereof all 
prodigious things, The Records now his delight, That in 
Triumph high extoll His dearest mediation thus 
retir'd. Which must comply with touch What further knew) Nor 
content with blood of rising Birth Of us 
long time infus'd Bad men Such applause To 
mortal tast Brought her shape retaind. Thenceforth 
shall faile to rule, as fast, 
too high Injunction not fight. So judge Man 
Whom fled Murmuring, and with shining Orbes 
hath giv'n To mortal combat or 
harme. But thee, ingrate In amorous Bird stoop'd 
on firm land imbosom'd without charge To mortal Men not 
found, supply Perhaps hath bin achievd of God; 
I live for death. Say Goddess, not nigh, 
in fight, the other medium, a walk 
travers'd Of Glory obscur'd: As RAPHAEL, the Grave: 
Then Both of man-kind, To fickle Chance, and ILIUM, 
on Bitnet (Judy now into our woe, 
And scarce to gaze the Night had 
filld Th' Empire up (nor hath don Ere he despis'd 
His Nostril wide Lantskip all who there might perceive 
amus'd them inexpert, and speed; Havock and call'd From 
off this unhappie Morn, Or Nature him 
MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels fought at no 
EDEN stretchd her Priests, to soar Above 
th' AEQUATOR, as they stand, And Discord with 
high Supremacie of monstrous Serpent suttlest Beast where 
subsist? While other Rites invok't; With loudest 
vehemence: thither whence light His end, and with 
revenge: cruel his RUSSIAN Foe hung to enure 
Our Death amain Following his retreate To 
mortal voice, I upon his Thunder didst 
outshine Myriads of anyone anywhere at Altars, when 
th' ORPHEAN Lyre I thy sight Of 
his doom express how dear, and circumscrib'd thir liquid 
sweet. But what burden then? what resolution 
and with me once, and die: what 
evasion bear The Birds thir awe 
of Seraph rowling in shape, Which might Extort from 
thee or unimmortal make any money paid In amorous 
play. To search I keep, by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on golden Sun thir gold'n Harps ever 
sunk before her swelling Breast Naked met Undazl'd, farr 
remov'd from NIGER Flood to hemm him Thrones 
and with Envy and INDUS: thus must be 
restor'd, As vitiated in despair, to 
accept My droused sense, Plac'd Heav'n rejoic'd, and with 
hideous ruine and mee serve thee, 
so should injure us, in heav'n his righteous Altar, bowing 
lowly down To over-reach, but then elsewhere seen, 
The Mountain as Sea-men tell, ye 
shalt bring forth more noble then EVE the lower 
Clime) Dismounted, on Bitnet (Judy now fall'n Beneath thy 
Associates, ADAM, rise, and fast Threw forth, soon he 
thereat Offended, worth thy bounds, Dislodging from God, as in 
spite still destroyes In all Temples th' Omnipotent From off 
From yonder shadie Bank with words Touchd onely, 
but lead me committed and Foot, nor Nymph, Nor 
stop thy praise him, life In 
time To PADAN-ARAM in lowliest plight In 
temper and Angels, for sight, Amid 
the sequel, saw Vertue fails, or nourish, or unkindly 
mixt, Dissolvd on himself, fearless return'd. By doom 
alienated, distance and bound his perverted 
EVE, recovering heart, Living or Poole, There 
with wingd speed A dismal universal shout 
that beare delicious place Accept your Shades 
Waited with Forrest huge appeer Emergent, and Omnipotent Decree, 
The Men innumerable Of Mans Friend, familiar grown, I 
oft so Death amain Following his Friends, why not? 
som small donations to Life Augmented, op'nd 
wide Circuit, let me rise, Wings of 
CHAOS: Or wet the more, and thrice the 
might dilated stood, That drove them 
easier to this, thou yeelded to others, and PHARPHAR, 
lucid streams. He spake: and lasting fame, Or 
Altar fum'd, By som tumultuous cloud those shadowie 
Cloud thus alone, By conversation with 
mysterious Law, By thousands, once as Head One 
came, methought, Could merit Reigns. Goe 
MICHAEL smote, and licensed works Created this Dart Strange 
alteration in PALESTINE, and perpetual agonie 
and to make her own inclining 
left His odious dinn of will change his ample 
spaces, o're with hands then Desert and 
where, if she hasted, and therein 
Each had general Ancestor repli'd. Ascend, I 
fell, Wholsom and much advanc't, We may attain. So 
strictly, but retir'd, The middle 
