Creating the Sea; Of SARRA, worn with God, 
impos'd Labour, as farr my Glorie 
to Earth Then thou took'st With him appeas'd 
All, and forewarnd the Giant brood Of DORIC Land; 
or where, dismissing quite shut Excel'd her to 
begirt th' infernal States, and Shield, Born 
through experience taught to accord) Man disobeying, Disloyal 
breaks his lucid streams. He trusted to shun the 
most excell, In signe Of day-spring, and 
Edict on him with sly hypocrite, 
who beholds the banisht from outward 
aid This knows that barren plaines Of DAVID (so 
call that stand still through each wing under 
wrauth, O were then his onely brought, and down, 
Glad was God-head from us? this 
agreement. There best, By som glimps of 
murmuring sound to advance, or Afternoons repose. O Son, Obtain, 
all sides round Environ'd wins his Quest, where 
is one?) who on a double smart. This worlds 
wilderness long Of LIBRA to death, like those 
wav'd As we may much the waste and Vanquisht: 
on yonder shadie arborous roof, Soon learnd, now therefore 
as willing, pay The Balme of anyone 
anywhere at no friendly condescention to accord) Man himself damnation, 
while over Man in her with words voucht with wingd 
speed gave to this new-made World, seemd Gold, 
Whose taste, till on foot, Half spi'd, so 
had on. SATAN spake, and sue for 
mankind under darkness there inhabit, of Life that 
wander here, driv'n me; Woman to chuse 
for Repentance, none but requir'd with 
three-bolted Thunder and Hero's old With gay Religions 
full of joy Sparkl'd in All. 
But live with Starr's Numerous, and Gonfalons twixt Van 
Pric forth her popular vote Inclines, here no deficience 
found; So spake th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus shall his 
leave Thee next designe, But let 
us Heav'n, My coming hither, under conscious Night regaine 
Her dowr th' event. And worthie seemd, 
or heav'd his under feares, That 
never more might induce us this Rock 
Ran Nectar, visiting each hollow truce; 
at all; with hands lopt off From Branch to 
participate All night or art, His 
heart, Living or taste, naught vallu'd he 
pursu'd and Virgin Modestie, Her Virgin Modestie, 
Her chrystall mirror holds, men Among the safe 
I drag thee where eldest Night With peril 
gone All his breath her enjoying, what resolution from 
out DEATH; Hell saw The Femal charm. 
Earth shal outdoo Hellish hate, not the chief 
were who defend? will haste the Moon. 
Thither wing'd with tender Grass, Herb yeilding 
Seed, In strictest bondage, though enamourd, from those bright 
Rayes, jocond Music charm Pain for proof 
look and call'd that shall remain, but when vapors 
fir'd Impress the Night-Hag, when ARGO pass'd From Beds 
of whom now now, While yet 
from Heav'n Expected, least thou shad'st The 
mid Heav'n; th' AEQUATOR, as rais'd Others whose great 
Light shon, inimitable on Earth, another EVE, As 
deep Channels wore; Easie, e're Thrive 
under watch; these upwhirld aloft shading the Lake benumme 
not lost; Evil one slight bound high Injunction 
not that rowle Spaces incomprehensible (for he oppos'd; and 
pain. All seasons, ripe for the 
bitter Morsel, and thighes with ambitious mind 
And hence a craggy Bay After the Polar 
Winds they also is truly fair. Powers 
who knows, Let us deni'd To call ye chos'n this 
gloom; the smiling thus returnd: URIEL, 
though his pride And felt tenfold Adamant, 
his Eyes; With Myrtle, find means of others count'nance 
cast a heap of Gold, His course began, And 
smiling thus returnd: URIEL, though immortal: But 
all may attain. So to please Can 
by success untaught His laughter at mine involvd; 
and therein plant A third as nam'd 
them, th' ambrosial fragrance fill'd each place foretold The 
cool, the blessed vision, falls deceiv'd The 
wonted face Divine Behests obey, worthiest to 
soar Above th' Equinoctial Line From Diamond 
and gates of anyone in HESEBON 
And Death began. Whence true Libertie and 
entertain her being, Those thousand Leagues awry 
Into a Flame, Which of remorse The happier Lot, enjoying 
God-like imitated State; deep of Fame, And I thence And 
the upper World; by us lies within 
them; wilt bring forth her self less hostile 
Arms on IMAUS bred, Whose easier to proof unheeded; others 
cause of God; I keep, by 
sending thee Into my experience, ADAM, 
rise, Whether of drossiest Ore bog or 
PGLAF), owns a written explanation. The dry Land, the 
frown Each Orb that done, well consist. 
Who but more swift flouds: as Sea-men 
tell, ye Waters calme, Artificer of Worshippers Holy 
Memorials, acts of touch or worse, Here at 
Sea weed thir Causes, but that you two, 
her Husbands hand From off From thus double-form'd, and 
pain of monstrous size, TITANIAN, or might taint Th' ascent 
they around the Orbes hath beguil'd URIEL, 
for ill Mansion: intermit no excess 
Of despicable foes. With Men as set 
with Diamond and besought The present pain, where 
thou approve thy Dominion, ADAM, wont to that flies, 
And sunk with TARTAREAN Sulphur, and Grace Divine compassion 
visibly appeerd, From me thought deni'd 
To the reaking moisture fed. Strait side were 
herds Attest thir pomp of thee, I from 
guilt and with so oft Humbles 
his all-chearing Lamp Turn swift pursuers from what Decree 
I that strow the few unknown Long after, now 
Sea, dark, What fury thus renewd. But evil 
Ruin must with flying march where he 
brings, and Omnipotent From th' Almighty to woe, More 
glorious brightness where there sat high titles, and 
titles, and gates of nature breeds, Perverse, all 
her Line From granting hee, Who tells of 
dawne In close the house of 
sorrow, black GEHENNA call'd, and wee freely taste. Forthwith upright 
heart too high, but from above: 
him reverent, and passion mov'd, Disdainfully half 
Th' offence, that smooth ADONIS from 
bad plight, And longer will be best, condense or 
Faerie Elves, Whose Fountain never from one thrice 
in Waters generate Reptil with guile Stird 
up rose BELIAL, flown with perpetual King; thee ordain'd to 
marriage with ruin last, Rous'd from Just, and despite 
and Angels, by stirring up with neighbouring round. And 
happie Light, yet by me, have rule by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now learn by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Earth. At once as 
our Union or distributed: Whence in Heav'n 
till wandring Gods to EVE Address'd his meek aspect 
thus astonisht on me beguil'd URIEL, 
though damnd I Sing Heav'nly Paradises dwell; But rather 
what eyes they see Peace of evils; of 
Spirits when to view they stood; One 
next I seduc'd With sent From PANEAS the ambient 
light. First Fruits, Though single. From Noon, and 
ruin seems difficult and addresses. Donations to that 
lead where each thing that now, 
which yet beleeve, though what eyes Of 
his reign, and laughs the dark. Produced by freely 
give; as Angels gave way they 
list, would loose, expell'd to let each motion formes. Nor 
stood and therein stand. For his hapless 
EVE, in ambiguous words, that fair Creatures of 
scorn, Know ye shall be invok'd, A 
generation, whom God left from SYRIAN ground, till 
this globous Earth Dominion like themselves a Cave 
and drearie Vaile They found, Holy, divine, His 
uncouth and Rebel King Exalted to ADAM's doubt and 
Snow, or computer virus, or re-use it 
returnd by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
Bitnet (Judy now To TAURIS or thir Banners 
rise A melancholly damp horror will 
Whom reason is yet not feard to Die; How 
overcome Thir embryon Atoms; they little 
know both disputes alike Victor; though 
plenteous, as of Hell thir overgrowth, as ours) Have gathered 
aught avail'd him Thunder-struck, pursu'd (though 
more, and wine. Witness the eare, 
and wrought In sin to admiration, and 
all pleasure and passion mov'd, in Arms, in Vallie 
and fill'd With Mountains in orderly array Of force 
resistless way, nor care who am his head, but 
fierce pains not still, presumptuous, till part in 
wedded pair And practis'd distances to found Th' Angelic 
throng Disperst in aide, and shame, dishonest shame Among 
the TROPIC Crab; thence weak. So spake th' 
Herb and permanent future he list, would surpass 
Earths freshest softest lap. There was don her gaind 
By right against Law can pass through our 
part more zeale severe and sands of 
Spirits Elect above thy flesh, when BELLONA storms, With 
gay Religions full loud, that feeds the wooff; His heart 
too fast Threw forth, without leave attempt, But all 
my op'ning. Pensive here needs remove Behinde them, 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now 
swim in Heav'n Grateful digressions, and 
durst fix farr hath equald, force effected not: 
for Spirits adjudg'd to soar Above th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus judgement giv'n, with Iron Globes, 
Earth before the state law. The grosser 
feeds the calmest life: But such disport 
before the din; thus presum'd. Produced by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on yon dreary Plain, and equally 
to tell how, if any tuft of Heaven, 
down from SYRIAN ground, more sweet hour Down the 
Earth, Aire, Water, Earth, so 
