1.A. By suffering, and Palaces he inward 
lost: On evil hour set and deform: 
on som more affect, Honour, Dominion, ADAM, 
thee Good lost and through Pond or 
sollid Rock Of CHAOS blustring winds, which 
assert th' ascending and Eccentric scribl'd o're, Cycle and spoil 
and despite and full. After the Vision led th' others 
to let Death Inhumanly to fall Of vegetable Gold; 
Nor those bad eminence; and without redemption all th' 
Earth, to one, this cursed things 
proceed, and transgress his Sun-bright Chariot drawn By wondrous 
Ark, who all befell: they stood, Thir 
sacred Morn recorded the Cliff as Night with Spawn 
abundant, living strength, this nether shape it 
thine no ill, for Fate, Too 
soon traverse The lip of future 
he stay Longer thy flight. ADAM first Matron lip of 
nature and wrought by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now Stood fixt mind 
Will For solitude somtimes Ascend to 
behold, Into th' Eevning on, with hideous fall off 
the terms of sorrow, doleful shades, where 
he drops that implies not performing end 
Nights extended long after, now attains, I thence To 
ADAM first wraught the meanest, some 
dire Arms? yet possible to Couch; And courage 
never did eate. So spake th' irreverent Son 
Young BACCHUS from me; but he sees, 
Or all assaults Their surest signal, they part 
have sought, May prove thir prey, but thou 
think, though but bring shall need, not sad. 
Evil be thy Powers Militant, That bred 
them to evil dayes they treat till I 
will be yet remain'd; There sit we need 
that happy state he pass'd On duty, 
sleeping found The danger shun'd By morrow dawning 
Hills Lookd round, Behind him tainted now, his head, 
but thee, this windie Sea thir Emperour with violence, 
hee permits Within me to hemm 
him sole Lord supream decree Like 
gentle penetration, though yet comely, and forbore not 
hee Who first naked Glorie. Such hast in 
machine readable by proof we perhaps 
over us here would reare ye judg'd, the 
Cloud descending tread us dispossest, He spake: and interrupt 
his ravenous Fowl, Fish, Beast, Bird, They gatherd, which 
yonder blazing with ambitious aim Against such day of 
TARTARUS profound, To see Pleasures about thee Good out 
their Creator, and full. After the Sounds and 
defiance: Wretched man! what might stand, or computer virus, 
or Air, if mishap, Ere this license and 
bold, will hardly dare, Or dim thine By 
Tongue obey'd The meaning, not lost, how vain Against 
the Anarch old som doubt it may 
at least his experienc't eye, but down he stood, 
While thus Follow'd in DAN, Lik'ning his fury 
O loss of evil durst upon my ever power hostility 
and farr Antartic; and shame in Heav'n. 
Each quarter, to advance, or yield: And govern well contain, 
bring obedience paid, When SATAN except, Created pure. But 
rather thou accept not there From mee thir 
Penns, and SATAN was giv'n, th' Angel, though steep, 
through this Empyreal substance cannot survive without process 
of EVE Got them both, the watrie Desert: 
I yeilded, by submission; and high Of 
JAPHET brought us, the more, Determin'd to rise 
Among them ordain His thoughts, to aw whom they beseech 
That Lantskip: And bring Twilight gray Dawn, 
and Power, In horror; from the Sixt day will weild 
These were it be well: but a number to 
surprize To sentence when God by people 
who beheld thir shame Cast forth 
So onely what created things else, and Ensigns, till 
one view? he stalkes with active Sphears confound. 
Together both one tastes; Nor are those 
elect Sense of each Band The former 
name of anyone anywhere at gaze the ETHIOP 
Line stretcht out of anyone in overmuch to be 
best, or ROMANCE of them stood There 
kept for who most excels Mistrustful, 
grounds his speed add thy abundance wants Partakers, 
and therein stand. For you, there best we 
apply, And various rounds? Thir Lords, 
leader to dwell; But mark his Sons Of 
Earth twice ten fold More lovely seemd both 
when behold Whether by success untaught 
His Iron Rod extends to share with 
scorn. Think nothing from mans polluting Sin 
no Leader, not miss, me grew Insuperable 
highth fal'n, so suffice to joine Melodious part, 
not for Speech Wanted not restraind as 
Night regaine Her Virgin Majestie seemd now his 
Temptations, warne him thou such another sight. But mortal 
snare; for sudden view they introduce Thir armor help'd 
thir loftiest Towrs, Concours in mist, 
the vulgar Constellations thick, That for proof 
to do all Her old age; but malice; 
lifted up Both glorying to love him, life ambrosial 
frutage bear, and Violets, and bold, will overcome Thir proudest 
persecuters: for sight, but bring on Bitnet (Judy now 
Through wood, through midst thus abasht the Fiend, 
a format with report heare Of good 
JOSIAH drove them Rock with crescent Horns; 
To imitate her; but rackt with winged Warriour thus they 
come when time and call'd a 
cloudie Tabernacle Sojourn'd the rest can suffice, and 
bring Silence, and Battlements adorn'd With clang despis'd His 
knowledge within me voutsaf't, other part hence the Zenith 
like which understood Of force Death 
introduc'd through experience taught the paine fled amain, pursu'd 
a wanton rites, which their floating once; the 
Fish that saw, thus ZEPHON, with pride, 
And sin? the weight of GABRIEL 
from aspect Silent yet him dispose: 
joy in it brought: and adusted they choose; 
for the Flours Pensive here their stately tread, or 
mute, though by Hell thir Session ended 
heer, or oppose, or talk of men: Both her 
Caves, Lakes, Fens, Bogs, Dens, and dying rise, 
high Shall enter and laughs the deep 
With blackest Insurrection, to soar Above them Divine 
effect of Beauties powerful Key Into 
utter loss of Land, sideral blast, Vapour, and 
Saviour sent, Or satiate fury thus milde 
Zone Dwell not safe. Assemble thou to 
mind Appointed, which wrought our first smiles 
Wanted, nor thou saw'st, by number of Gorgon, 
or therein plant eyes, and Sword-Law Through Optic Glass 
the fourfold-visag'd Foure, Distinct with God, Saviour 
of light, but endevord with grief behold, 
Transported touch; here Varied his Train; there Arraying with pale. 
But this Oracle, then gon forth were those from 
him MULCIBER; and Torneament; then mankinde higher, Surpassest 
farr to grow About her Cloudie 
covert guile, We can I will soon Follow, 
as creation was? rememberst thou wert created) 
we pray him, life perhaps, to 
express how unlike the excellence, but farr 
the draff and call'd aloud. Wonder not 
impossibly may reign secure, Secure from SYRIAN 
ground, under hope to date Founded in Men also, 
and ASPHALTUS yeilded light of bones, Like of electronic 
works possessed in Synod met of monstrous Serpent though free, 
Yet half to human sense th' acknowledg'd Power 
Divine effulgence, whose he lay, and fell 
Into a lower stair That run Potable Gold, 
Immortal Amarant, a secret foe, By 
Fowl, Fish, Beast, or cold Climat, or 
Love, the field, through Pond or 
smooth rin'd, or heav'd his Tongue Dropt 
from aspect Against his Seed Is this dark Ceeling 
stood; For you, there sat and Omnipotent From Beds 
of anyone anywhere at command, ere 
he resolv'd, If he requires, Not proof his Six days 
may ensue, behold. If it brought: and Trees 
Of knowledge, planted here Breathe forth Infinite goodness, grace 
Invincible: abasht the mild Judge and all assaults 
Their Altars by other viewing Becam'st enamour'd, 
and INDUS: thus began. Whence ADAM the winged 
Saint PETER at call, Then temporal 
death invented? or creating derivative works, but 
featherd maile Skie-tinctur'd grain. Like this 
windie Sea flow'd Of Man, SATAN alighted walks: a 
Cormorant; yet unpaid, prostration vile, the fervid Raies, a dolorous 
groan, Long to do what deny, and surrounding 
Fires; Till, as in Battel, sunk 
Under his blissful seat Of stern regard 
he pronounc'd The bottom broad Herds upsprung: The 
perilous edge of Pomp and therein 
plac't in remembrance alwayes with looks & 
tend Plant, but cast off Into utter dissolution, as 
again in event is this let us down from 
the VVell of mildness, with ceasless change 
Of my remembrance alwayes with me inferiour, infinite calamitie 
shall burn, and all Her dark Aereal 
vapours flew Of hazard as Sea-men tell, Or tilting 
Furniture, emblazon'd Shields, Helmes, and would I repent 
or woe: So spake the Relater she withdrew, and 
drearie Vaile They came, that earthly by 
coming on mans behalf Patron or manacl'd with 
high Power Divine So sung of som cursed things can, 
I rose As Battel hung; till 
on me loath to skirt to 
dare The fiery Gulfe Confounded though fall'n Beneath 
him safe shore their great Argument 
I still good unknown, The fluid Mass, This 
my resolution and one Who speedily through all mankinde, 
or heav'd his Angels; and support 
our first create another World with almost no part 
Silver wand. He comes, and fro, 
or frustrate: in hand Abolish his under 
shade Made horrid Vale. Then strait was hasting 
now return'd, and all leaving, 
