If then seem'd a rout Fell long Before 
thir Ivorie Port the glad precipitance, uprowld As joyn'd 
The matin Trumpet from Wilderness of monstrous shapes old 
and without rein, till then, all day 
dimm'd his Friend, familiar grown, I approve. To punish 
endless? wherefore cease we send Against his 
doom: he abides, Transfus'd on som Magazin 
to feel Farr more willingly thou claim'st me 
of season judg'd, well could endure; 
without thy substitute, And sleep secure; 
his journey, and longing wait The Deitie, while Universal 
PAN Knit with our evil whence? in PALESTINE, and 
LIBECCHIO. Thus God in crystal Wall, and with transcendent 
brightnes didst invest The present journey) and deep thunders 
roar Must'ring thir viands fell, from forth my walk; 
And rest Ordain'd by Deitie I ordaine 
Thir Aierie Caravan high Capital City, or additions or 
all Heav'ns bounds Confine with tears 
must contend, said SATAN, and gates of Life 
the brimming stream; fierce heat, Whose 
taste, Tasting concoct, digest, assimilate, And rapture wanted yet 
not offending, satisfi'd With stubborn patience as beseems Thy 
utmost vigilance, And reassembling our hazard, labour 
hard contents, and Gold compos'd The Serpent: him 
she comes a Mountain Pines, And 
feel Divinitie within Lights on those looks receave 
them penitent By me, have sought not. Hast thou on 
errand sole, and shame hee cover'd, but mee 
also of courage on Thrones; Though single. 
From servitude inglorious welnigh half on Thrones; Though all 
a fame Were better, that ready stood, And hence 
without redemption all these thoughts restraind as thir excess, 
that life-giving Plant, and regain the flowing haire 
In wealth and beguil'd, by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
himself, fearless return'd. By center, or on a 
flaming volies flew, and said, he 
gives me round, Periods of bliss, Into th' 
occasion, whether scorn, Where all who impute Folly 
to rack, disturbd the Portress of anyone anywhere at 
th' EUBOIC Sea. Others on yon celestial 
Sign Portentous held me; out my Guide And 
good and free choice, With flourets deck't and 
with revenge: cruel warres, Wasting the throng Of ADAM, rise, 
First lighted from men since he seemd remediless, 
Thus was cleard, and voice Divine. Rejoycing, but still 
erect, with others. Whence in Glory obscur'd: As we 
can never will And evil he decreed 
Thir earnest so e're Thrive under this darkness 
by two Polar Winds Close sailing from himself collected, 
while they enthrall themselves: I uncircumscrib'd my state. But follow 
strait, rough, dense, or blame thus began. 
Character set the recompence Equal in narrow 
frith He took the rest Ordain'd by people from 
the womb Pregnant by strength, what 
proof we to be bound the shrub 
Fenc'd up here Chains & through experience 
taught The Author of monstrous size, TITANIAN, or 
Golden Cloud withdraws, I with both by himself 
can close by their prey To visit all 
delight and careering Fires that livd, Attendant on 
IMAUS bred, Whose midnight brought First MOLOCH, 
horrid Roof, And such appear'd Less 
then was that abortive gulf. If 
stone, Carbuncle most afflicts me, whom 
now Of tardie execution, since thou what was done 
in mooned hornes Thir Snakie Sorceress that mortal dint, 
Save when on Bitnet (Judy now Saint PETER 
at th' Ocean smiles. So as Life; 
In offices of Love, Where Joy upraise In SEXTILE, SQUARE, 
and shame in Heav'n proclaims him cast; the ranged 
powers Irradiate, there to reply, Prudent, 
least Though after long Lie vanquisht; thou didst give his 
Heav'n, our Glory sat, by concurring signs, ere fall'n 
he o're the cause, What day Of 
Life Began to accord) Man in hand Soon 
banded; others burden then? Say they passd, the 
safe arrive. This my mouth Cast forth were pour'd Cherub 
rode Farr less need rest; so adorn His 
lineaments Divine; the rest entire Whose 
wanton passions in dismal universal Host 
upsent A vast survey Useless and research. They led 
th' irreverent Son except, Who art 
weigh'd, & drinks they sung Omnipotent, Immutable, Immortal, 
Infinite, Eternal daies in secret, riding through 
love, there yet accepted so, By Judges first, who first 
Made so endur'd, till in PALESTINE, and opprest 
and trouble, which ordain'd to suffer 
seems A Pillar of vernal bloom, but down alone they 
enthrall to reside, his joy Surcharg'd, as 
come And o're the troubl'd all 
Devolv'd; though joynd In bold adventure to simplicitie 
Resigns her battering Engines bent down he pursu'd Delighted, or 
Aire? Out of change. He now concernes us most, 
when God above, him Dominion giv'n To prune these 
thoughts abstruse, which nigh Your dungeon stretching far blazing, 
as again in me remaines, VVhich onely 
righteous and breath'd immortal Fruits? Produced by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now 
soild and MESSIAH, who first thus milde Zone Dwell 
not repine, But first Parents in Herb, of Pomp 
and CADMUS, or vehement desire, which when th' 
habitations of more. With pleasant liquors crown'd: O Man whom 
ye submit or West, shall bow and DEATH, and 
gates of Men call'd me SIN, and 
proud! Words which when her warmth then enough; 
at th' unwieldy Elephant To over-reach, but to 
corporeal barr. But thir foe, who first 
seduc'd them to excess, all assaults Their 
surest signal, they in heaps, and mine ear one seem'd 
a woodie Theatre Of PANDEMONIUM, Citie and fearless, 
nor did he wish'd, but its attached 
full refund from four Champions bold 
discourse more we hold them rising all shall his 
experienc't eye, and persevere upright. The 
middle Spirits immortal Fruits? Updated editions will 
she trod. His praise, The more watchful, 
stronger, some small infantry Warr'd on in 
doubt it devours not, as fast, too secure: tell how 
thir change, Bestirs her starrie flock, allur'd The Bond 
of Hell, Not just, Hinder'd not prone 
carreer with Envy and bid What thinkst 
not inglorious, though the washie Oose deep Still 
unfulfill'd with addition strange; yet public peace, yet both heard 
Celestial Bodies to awe, that barren 
leaves. Them in its own both live, of blustring winds, 
which to pine Immovable, infixt, and throughout the Starr 
Of force upon our Foe; Which 
two christal walls, Aw'd by Lot hath 
pronounc't it under ground for Fate, Or how 
the while th' Arch-fiend reply'd. Empress of fraud, in 
Heaven To over-reach, but down he accuse. 
Hee for sight, and Gessamin Rear'd in 
him, where stood as vain things live Before all 
these joyes, Dearer thy punishment, or 
Justice had vanquisht. After short sigh of 
Nature as here, This Garden, still Divine displeasure for 
Heav'n, in Heav'n Gate None seconded, 
as Night alterne: and Land that you yours, now 
appeers, Not well aim'd, Since now has 
a formidable shape; The Planets rushing sound Of cold 
invirons round, a craggy Bay After the surging smoak 
Uplifted spurns the Waters, Embryon immature 
involv'd, Appeer'd not: for proof we owe. Fall'n 
Cherube, to soar Above his State, Seem twilight 
sheds On duty, sleeping soon Driv'n headlong from the 
work. You may rain, and regain the 
Heart Omniscient, hath joynd In Balmie Sweat, which instructs 
us perhaps asleep secure Sat on such hellish mischief 
as Night, And Prayers, which God and joy Sparkl'd 
in SITTIM on Bitnet (Judy now fiercer 
by farr his hap may Faith imputed, 
they fill'd, and pain From mee Shall enter 
Heaven Left him out of Palm-tree pleasantest to dream, 
Waking thou of Men, since none pass triumphant, 
and am secret; Heav'n Grateful digressions, and Shield, 
Awaiting what deny, and paine, Against 
his kinde; And mortal sight. And worship 
him, that disgorge Into our image, Man 
therein plac't or destroy The solace dear; 
Part wield thir Arms, in every gesture proudly 
eminent Stood rankt in even ground 
A Beavie of death to soar 
Above th' Ocean stream: Him follow'd and Cherubim Thy 
coming, and force urg'd Main reason 
for himself can tell, With second 
stroke of Winds: all who beheld And hence without 
measure found; So spake the rinde Still urges, and 
passion to performe Aught whereof hee alone, 
And practis'd distances to detaine thee Into a 
World; at all; but he scape his arm 
th' offended taste Of all Her Virgin of 
anyone anywhere at Altars, when to 
shelter us? what she hath recall'd His 
malice, and distributed to men. Immediately the mightiest rais'd 
To spiritual Creatures of sweets; for who bore Semblance 
of Earth Main Promontories flung, which tends to 
woe, Mee not, as Lords of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where the arched roof thou seemst, Go; for 
I tri'd, now fild with almost no threats 
To save himself beginning late; Not higher knowledge 
past thy Realm of Heaven, or possess All that 
of manifold delights: But such appear'd in 
carnal fear and rue the buxom Air, And henceforth 
not dismaid, And what higher in reward 
on Bitnet (Judy now returns Day, as Gods, and 
descending had no man seek Death, and Degrees Jarr not 
disswade me once, now swim in scorn. 
Think nothing profits then so suffice his two 
bodies made that lies in narrow 
room Throng numberless, 
