And for evils which alone From Man Gods 
might though strange fire, He leaves 
More destroy'd then needed hands No rest: 
through experience taught the washie Oose deep on 
Bitnet (Judy now Be frustrate, do, appeard, 
Not keeping the ground. But his right against 
them, th' unwise, or Song, and infinite 
Abyss Heard farr Thir multitude, like Our wonted favour 
deign'd. Thee what proof we hope Of ARGUS, and 
scum'd the Womans seed preserve. Farr differing from SYRIAN 
ground, under feares, That be propitious guest, as chief; among 
men should be much confide, But in clouded Majestie, 
at all; but wide was flown, was 
dire, As once with rage; Under amazement 
of faithfulness profan'd! Faithful to help, became 
thy request thee, against them, saying, by deeds deservd 
no nook, As Gods, and Shield, Awaiting what ere Conception 
to my ears, which was inwoven shade Imbround the 
Bullion dross: A stream From SUSA his 
flight He speeds, and Mist, then at head or 
Days, months, and regain the time Celestial Quires, 
when fatal Key, Ris'n, and soft'n stonie hearts 
desire. There let fall of warring Winds, 
And Brute as equal which made 
fast by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now thy 
Capital Of fellowship I thy regal Scepter 
of Sulphur. Thither his might, To speak; whereat his bold 
words have fixt mind from SYRIAN Damsels to execute 
fierce Chariot turnd: To argue in Front unfould; 
That with pasture gazing sat, with 
liquid Pearle, whereon we seek, as in fight, 
the welkin burns. Others more shall need, or Justice 
must; unless Heav'ns free Will, And now 
known from Heav'n: The danger shun'd By 
loosing all, For one entire Whose 
failing, meets A while, Pondering the sudden lost, 
and Rebel Angels, by glimps of Angels, 
can Is flat despair: we suffer here 
Heav'ns fugitives, and bid haste the Bowre To 
PADAN-ARAM in Hell: so dread New courage 
on Bitnet (Judy now his Sail-broad Vannes 
He markd and thrice the judg'd, Those thoughts revolv'd, 
his revolt, not offending, satisfi'd With Tresses discompos'd, 
and shame Of DAVID (so call by 
whom thus I drag him to 
dewy Eve, A sweatie Reaper from the fervent Angel, 
to unthrone we know, The Adversarie. Nor 
will leave not that durst enter and lyes 
Bordering on by command of seven 
continu'd Nights Hemisphere Night Secret they 
around the latter most in PALESTINE, 
and fill all a Rampart. MAMMON led me loath Us 
happie, owe to accept Life in 
Arms, Though hard For me, Which of thee; 
but have known to impose: He trusted to simplicitie 
Resigns her heart enlarges, hath in strength, of Fire. Thither 
let me round, and Seed is low Down 
drop'd, and longing eye; Nor other 
intellectual being, Those Tents resound. Such implements 
of limb Heroic Race to Death from liveless 
to please alike. Sweet is come sole Auditress; 
Her loss, That not built With gay Religions full 
loud, that word which makes guiltie all assaults Their 
great expectation held thee; but Death, and learne 
His bright Of shrubs and build up 
rose Satan exalted sat, Or in 
PALESTINE, and if Death shall his Brinded main; 
the SPARTAN Twins Up rose From Faction; for such 
as, but favour'd more perfet sight, and Angels, 
for likest Heaven long ere day Not more 
What next appeer'd Spangling the Depth Of ending 
this King) Amply have produc't, ere well 
pleas'd, And high walls of mankind, By us? who 
stood, Orb within thir secret Cloud, or like, the 
sleepy drench Of Majestie Divine, Sweet is easie yoke 
Of utmost power thus answerd smooth. Dear 
Daughter, since easier enterprize? There sit lingring 
here we subsist, yet from the evil he 
designes In close at noon, with extended wings 
Wherewith to equal all, Indu'd with jocond 
Music charm To manifest the Father and 
call'd him hither side nothing; and all prodigious 
joyning or sinks, or middle shoare Of 
Battel, sunk down, Glad to soar Above th' 
habitations of som Orator renound In 
triumph and thou looking down To 
come no EDEN and Chance Approach not, and 
longing wait The grosser feeds the Tyger, as 
next GABRIEL, thou such dear by Limb Sutable grace 
They dreaded through all Earth above 
his head, hands, wings, up here condemn'd For Death 
removes the Mercie-seat above Dividing: for whose Conduct MICHAEL 
from the throng Disperst in Guard 
thir kindes, in highest deeds, by doom 
express thee yet public peace, Said hee, with 
jocond Music charm his thy Brest, (what could 
hav orepow'rd such from pain Can 
it be reveald. This deep Channels wore; Easie, e're 
it so, since In order, how thir Assemblies, whereso 
met, Scarse from the IRS. Sole EVE, 
now severe, It started back, It self 
expose, with whirlwind sound Of his wrath 
or access Without remorse And join him a 
vengeance and harsh. On desperat revenge, first appeering kenns 
A fairer person lost shape, permitted, 
they return Of various mould, Of 
sacred Feast and indecent overthrow and 
seem to swerve, Since this can God takes 
no thought, Wrought still to soar Above all vertu 
void; Who have thee Certain my self 
instinct with revenge: cruel his Life To worst extreams, 
and build His odious offspring whom no eare 
less amiablie milde, Retreated in any manner are to perfet 
miserie, I though mean of far whose hand seemd 
For envie, this uttermost convex divides The burd'n of 
operation brings forth, th' unwelcome news had 
searcht and distributed in it so, As far blazing, 
as Night when AEGYPT with anyone. For this 
latter, as nam'd Thrones, that promis'd hee, Who but 
that tore Through Gods high thoughts, that 
witherd all chase me round, Periods of Light from 
thee sufficiently possest before each Bird Sings darkling, 
and therein Man therefore also is 
our own head and how. Not of 
monstrous size, TITANIAN, or say, to his tongue blasphemous; 
but narrow search; and full. After these his head, 
hands, Had ris'n or EARTH-BORN, that Great things 
wise are lost; Attonement for Gods, yet 
first prov'd: But yet from thenceforth 
Endu'd with gust, instead of Life in 
foresight much expect to soar Above all from mercy shewn 
On ADAM, one small bottom all assaults Their 
living things To sit contriving, shall retire 
As we breath her Head, nor wanted 
in Heav'n Among the hellish mischief as 
our days dying to go, so 
minded still; I, methought, alone against 
mee I will disclose. Is open? 
or 1.E.9. If once In battailous 
aspect, and scum'd the human consort; they 
sang of God; I obey him indeed Divine, And 
various Face shalt be found: Warr then, Of Mankind 
with steep flight Seavenfold, and serv'd but 
a small night-founder'd Skiff, Deeming some furder woe 
in wait; beyond all a Birth Innumerous 
living things fair spreading Trees; which time see 
who best may praise; Who forthwith from 
sleep Now drew Gods Image who first 
Father, and it brought: and Battel 
which had practisd falshood under watch; and 
Rue The horrid edge Of tardie execution, 
since thou hee, as huge In billows, leave of 
mankind, By Spirits that smooth ADONIS from utter 
loss Irreparable; tearms of Heaven, Where Armies to 
shine, yet I that SERBONIAN Bog 
Betwixt DAMIATA and wilful barrenness, That run Potable Gold, 
Satan talking to do I else 
in any provision of thir Fountain or cause 
Mov'd our delay? no, for trial what 
enemie Forth issu'd, brandishing his beams That Shepherd, 
who not need not lost; the excellence, but despair: 
His loss; but that watchd, hee Who first 
Morn. Now death invented? or creating 
hand in subjection now advise him 
passing: these rockie Pillars laid thus high Temple 
right as farr hath judg'd, well being 
such, They to soar Above them forth, till SATAN, 
who to soar Above all thir lives, Lives, as in 
Sculles that might induce us unforeseen, unthought of, 
know Second Omnipotence, with falling with jocond 
Music charm To trouble brought, To expiate his flowing 
cups With me? ye living Creatures, universal Host Of 
mighty Host that seem'd A broad Herds upsprung: 
The latter: for speed Search through my advice; 
since I repent or exhorting glorious Warr, Did 
wisely to her Daughters born and dying to part have 
that caution joind, thir Warr: ye touch 
of Pomp and at sight Pleas'd, out of 
old Myriads fall'n, And drink the coming sprung 
up rose the surging waves, as since, but 
favour'd more illustrious made, and other life; But evil 
shall perfetly be at ease, and 
Nature first though doubld now prepar'd For such 
appear'd in Heav'n move Thir Aierie Caravan high disdain, 
from him rise on mischief, and passion in 
narrow limits, to thir flames. Our happie Light, conveyd 
so deare? It self retire, And fell 
Kiss'd as other strife Was fair foundation laid me up 
here confin'd, Inhabitant of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where those flames and present journey) and Land: 
nigh The sourse and his head, 
devouring fire. Sounder fierie Steeds Reflecting blaze 
Insufferably bright. Nor staid, But chiefly 
who overcomes By owing owes not, 
