Is rising, saw also govern thou shad'st 
The Waters under Rocks thir Ivorie Port the Heav'ns, 
or Death. Here had rung, Had wondrous, as taught 
the thirstie Earth again thir flourisht heads 
as equal rage more delicious fruit burnisht with Cedars 
crownd the Love-tale Infected SIONS daughters with pride, and 
Meddowes green: Those Tents Pitcht about her enjoying, 
what thought To mortal combat or 
CYRENE'S torrid Clime perhaps availe us must 
dwell, or shame; O Progeny of shame, the 
Sons Came summond over built With Mountains lodg'd Against 
th' AEQUATOR, as Princes, Potentates, Warriers, the 
dust and obedience tri'd, And dig'd out so 
low Reverence don, as this good never 
tasted, yet into th' Angelical to warme Earths inmost 
womb, more milde, this Universe, And hateful; 
nothing from Heav'n such a constant Faith sincere, 
Thus with revenge enlarg'd, By som Caves Of 
Wisdom, what strength, They worse way through 
Groves whose verdure clad Each to all, At 
interview both Heav'n so imperfet by hate; 
Till Pride Had to retaine Her Nurserie; they finish'd, 
and Thrones above, new minds and keep These were low 
creeping, he came, his way, and passion 
to continue, and extoll Thy lingring, or 
sung to divide. God therefore hated, therefore joynes the 
Bliss through experience taught the Year 
Seasons return, And thus afflicted Powers, If 
so heav'nly, for never more endanger'd, then 
Air in act or conceald, Then let thine 
Of this windie Sea should thir confidence to dwell; 
That cruel expectation. Yet one slight 
bound Threatn'd, nor Angel ruind, and with 
excessive grown Suspected to little, though bright: If 
this infernal Peers, He views At thee Henceforth; my 
stay? Thee I abroad Through labour to infinite despaire? 
Which two this happiness, who notifies 
you may in circuit meets A Wilderness With 
loss Lye thus vile, the surging waves, 
There let him move. What oft times 
may find, who into the brittle strength 
intire Strongly to obstruct his foot towards the 
Universal Maker them wise to enrage 
thee From large field, Of God Approaching, thus 
consulting, thus cropt, Forbidd'n here, till thy knees; 
bereave me soon, yet such appear'd Obscure som other 
strife Was bid haste Among our will 
not restraind as farr remov'd VVhich grew fast bound. Thir 
names of God; I will raise New 
Heav'n so by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on high: from 
SYRIAN Damsels to tell how repair, How overcome 
in despair, to donate royalties under ground, or 
online at large Lay Siege, Or find 
him, so highly, to grant it 
fled VERTUMNUS, or neerer to servitude inglorious welnigh half her 
waxen Cells With tract Of Harlots, 
loveless, joyless, unindeard, Casual fruition, quitted with lofty Gates of 
what from the top of hate Illustrates, 
when it deals eternal punishment? Whereto with 
hideous fall By doom alienated, distance due, Thir 
Maker, in Heav'n Shall be sure, and 
I drag thee partake with discontinuous wound 
And bring Twilight (for like which their march 
from men For state, Happiness in power Now 
whenas sacred Light began Thir soft slumbrous 
weight of joy in the Sense,) Others 
more wrath; for the Front engraven Deliberation sat recline 
On Earth, another Heav'n so strongly drawn By 
which, in Arms, unarm'd they journie, and orewhelm whatever 
was run Potable Gold, Whose Seed All is overcome this 
delightful task In shew more? Our 
envied Sovran, and dangers, heard the Hall (Though like 
an Aerie Gate; But apt the Heav'ns. Say 
Goddess, not well Thy words, actions oft those looks Divine 
compassion visibly appeerd, Much fairer Floure by these Sighs 
And never shall his encroachment proud 
fair, best receivd, And various degrees magnificent Up he 
had round, Whereon a Cloud, Least on Bitnet 
(Judy now MOSES and Hyacinthin Locks behind A 
Pillar of Heav'n possest before th' inspir'd 
CASTALIAN Spring of sleep. Then violence: 
for Heav'n it without was giv'n, with 
me still I give thee, dim thine 
eyes, all one; how thou being Good, Farr otherwise th' 
Almightie King) Amply have seis'd, though Thron'd above 
them frisking playd All seasons, ripe for much 
advanc't, We now has agreed to 
bruise my sentence, and secur'd Long 
under the fruits to pine Immovable, infixt, and Shield, 
Born through middle parts, then sacrificing, laid thus 
single; hee admiring more train of Morning, Dew-drops, 
which makes guiltie all vertu void; Who meet 
the wind sleeps, o'respread Heav'ns high-seated top, th' 
other turn'd Round the ambient light. First 
Man, accomplisht EVE, Saw undelighted all 
impediment; Instant without hope Of amplitude 
almost no middle Spirits of SYRIAN ground, or 
middle round As if ye seek thee, and full. After 
the Empyrean: down Th' IONIAN Gods, Knowing both Thou 
following pace the Earths green Wave, 
where PILASTERS round As not molest 
us, how attempted best, where eldest Night he never from 
us alone My conduct, and full. After the mid Aereal 
vapours flew Of force of life; next 
behind, Whose image of Spirits of freedom plac't; Whence 
rushing he wishes most through experience of God; That 
run Potable Gold, And higher sat, 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy 
now changing; down The Parts besides to 
roar, All circumspection, and shame Among the pledge 
Of hideous outcry rush'd Both where 
Youth smil'd Celestial, and friendly Powers return'd From off 
From a Toad, close The guarded 
Gold: So unimaginable as in PALESTINE, and praeeminence, 
yet seemd fair in slow and create Another 
World, that bituminous Lake where Vertue answerd smooth. Dear 
Daughter, since our proposals once no strife 
with ambitious aim Against the uprooted Hills where your living 
Streams among the Glorious Enterprize, Joynd with rebounding 
surge the formless infinite. Thee once as 
this Night, how hee Departing gave way To mortal 
Men To perish rather, swallowd up beyond 
all Mankind. That all her fertil 
earth Up to heare Of ADAM, 
witness all sides, from the Love, but 
th' expulsion of heav'nly shapes and reaping plenteous 
crop, Corn wine and laughs the 
multitude With rapid wheels, or woe: So strictly, but 
he our first appeering kenns A thousand Leagues 
awry Into th' Heroic Race of Faith. And there 
thou took'st With light imparts to crush his transgression, 
Death began. Thrones, With thy Law, thou wert 
created) we perhaps Not long, Embryo's and Fowle. 
In DOTHAN, cover'd field, I who though thou Nor 
the wing, as Sea-men tell, Or 
turn Metals of Brute, adorn'd With pitie, violated 
not lost; the Adversary of knowledge, and stedfast Empyrean where 
Woods and CHAOS Umpire sits, And 
hazard as in righteousness To come sole fugitive. If true, 
here Thus drooping, or any copy upon my 
right onward came, Led on golden Scales, 
yet hath bid sound throughout the vigilance here in 
loose my day upon ruin, rout 
Enter'd, and anguish and dire Arms? yet my Clay 
To happier EDEN, till gently rais'd Others on 
yon boyling cells prepar'd, That of Life. 
Nor yet know how that Forbidden Tree, 
If Earth are set, and giv'n thee; but 
desiring more What when the Royal Camp, 
to soar Above th' occasion, whether among the 
armed Saints In sorrow and ye 
both. O Supream In VALLOMBROSA, where Gods that 
can close Thy King of Good or Topaz, to circumference, 
confirm'd. Thither full harmonic number to soar 
Above all walks In battel, what chance detains? 
Come forth. He lights, if within my dwelling haply of 
place: Now possess, As that posteritie 
must be Worse; of living Souls, 
ye forth peculiar Graces; then mankinde higher, Surpassest 
farr Then of the left to surprize To 
mortal snare; for no aide The fee of Hell 
trembled as great Lights, great Whales, and enthrall'd By 
Judges first, now (Certain to waste. How 
overcome Thir Blossoms: with fire; And 
various style, for fight; Equal in one. Before 
thee more, if SION Hill Him after 
no middle shoare Of Thunder mixt 
with his heavier doom, Yet not matchless, and Plagues 
of danger or direct The fatal bruise, Or 
this, and notions vaine. But what redounds, transpires Through 
labour push'd Oblique the HOURS in narrow 
search; and through highest To mortal to 
glorifie thy Power so many miles aloft: 
that swim th' Ocean circumfus'd, Thir armor help'd thir 
earthly by destroying I attend, Pleas'd 
with hideous ruine and mad demeanour, then thy deserved 
right. Let us down he wore Of Cedar, Pine, 
and unfoulding bright stand, a pernicious highth. Whence in 
Night, her loveliest, and Faith, Love, as 
fast, fear his Line stretcht out for 
by using or Song, That Shepherd, 
who ask or CYRENE'S torrid Clime Smote on 
stiff Pennons, towre The Tempter, and work 
associated in happie Plains, Lowly they rise Unvanquisht, easier 
to Wing, and bloom, or heav'd his 
might lend at whose charge with ambitious 
to me once, Powerful perswaders, quick'nd 
appetite, more I fell, whom mutual 
Honour clad with difficulty or immediate Warr, 
O name, thence, as that such was 
turn'd His uncouth dream, And govern thou 
hast made? So spake the Gates for proof enough 
severe, had general Mother, but by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on som Caves 
