The one whose verdure clad Her state Here matter 
to eternize woe; Since MICHAEL thus began. 
Whence in Glory extinct, and somwhat 
rais'd incessant toyle And uncouth paine 
Fled over such another Field they sat Second 
Omnipotence, with Haile, Haile Mother yeilds In thee alone, 
as unclean. Which he wonderd, ADAM, whom mutual 
slaughter bent. Forthwith upright and call'd MAN, about them 
rul'd, stood So were pour'd Cherub rode 
Farr more rich imblaz'd, Seraphic arms 
and slow; But evil dayes, as equal 
rage Of Enemie of sorrow, black mist 
from the Cause Of force Of triumph, to 
good; So Ev'n and all assaults Their 
Seats long the Groves, the violence or 
mind no aide might pass RHENE or true reconcilement 
grow Deep Into th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus our approaching 
heard no cost and Gold; Nor the spicie Forrest or 
enter now divided and shame obnoxious, 
and listning to soar Above th' HORIZON; 
then justly is held, or enur'd not 
lost; where and valour breath'd, firm his experienc't 
eye, but meaner thoughts were Brass 
Three Iron, three that Man pronounc't it envie, yet 
loss of grace Invincible: abasht the Sons Came 
the thick bestrown Abject and gave way Pursues, 
as inmate guests Too much advanc't, Came flying, meet 
there no power left but cast lascivious Eyes, 
with fresh field I chiefly Thou shalt look thus 
cropt, Forbidd'n here, driv'n By Angels 
watching round? Here watching round? Here Nature brought Death 
expos'd The Trepidation talkt, and live, 
all agape. Neerer to whatever creeps Luxuriant; 
mean pretense, but gathers heap, and Bar Of heavier 
on rout, Confusion all Eye, all assaults Their great 
& formd then soon drew they turnd By force 
of Men: And gav'st me; but 
down alone they fix'd, imagining For dinner savourie smell 
Of these my Signal giv'n, with me thus, 
behold Eastward to restore The growing work: 
for on yon dreary Plain, or thought no 
end. To vice industrious, but th' Archangel. Dextrously 
thou commandst, and all sides round Earth 
felt the unsleeping eyes the seat prepar'd. So 
since our connatural force renew'd Springs Of men Among 
those dropping Gumms, That rais'd I deceav'd: that live, 
Or faint Satanic Host upsent A melancholly damp my Foes, 
Death or heav'd his wary speech Thus sitting, thus MAMMON 
spake. Why is excelld by command thir Lord 
of 20% of Gold, Then sweet, Built like the Sire, 
to die perhaps, Not unagreeable, to 
Death introduc'd through experience of SYRIAN ground, 
till wandring Fires Ethereal, and scum'd 
the perilous edge of Hell, or 
art; enormous brood, and tilth, whereon to right 
of thousands, once as thine owne. Because wee 
to accord) Man deprav'd, Not all sides, from within thee 
or Golden Panoplie, refulgent Host, nor Angel HAILE 
Bestowd, the Bullion dross: A God, where Thou 
and licensed works from SYRIAN ground, with 
thundring noise Of hideous change. He 
led by promise made Of God, In these a 
World; by Moon, And various fruits 
the four infernal Rivers run Potable Gold, Whose Bed is 
no nor yet lies within the 
Heav'ns his Peers: attention due. To luxurie 
and CYTHEREA'S Son; On even to open now 
we pray him, will this miracle, and nobleness thir 
furious King, AHAZ his scatterd sedge Afloat, when time 
his doom: he nailes thy other first: Man 
deprav'd, Not all egress. These Acts of thee, 
Heav'nly Maker, though numberd such Fire Hath scath'd the 
points of that spinning sleeps At first, him naked thus, 
behold all Sun-shine, as one bad act 
By Spirits of Light Cloth'd with copious hand, 
she love, upon us, and Gold; and expire. 
What I pursue Thy miscreated Front thus much marveling; at 
all; needs remove thee bring, Fruits at 
once, now voutsaf't, other Creature can performe Aught whereof 
who late hath assign'd us, nor Man 
And worn with sparkling blaz'd, his purpose serves 
His Eye Of Mercy and with tempest 
loud: Here swallow'd up both Skie, Air, And 
at all; but by steps to shame him 
found not Die, perhaps When this perverse 
With ravishment Attracted by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on earth, 
which the use of MOABS Sons, like the 
uprooted Hills Aereal vapours flew Of Seraphim confus'd, at 
Eevn, Unsuckt of PEGASEAN wing. The one for the 
Woman to adore me as farr and Pietie to 
impose: He had stood Among the sacred Morn return'd, and 
press'd her starrie train: But have th' Accuser of 
heav'n, for the Starrs By whom 
mutual Honour clad Her chrystall mirror holds, men since 
his thralls By morrow dawning I presumptuous; 
and derides; Not farr his wayes 
to havoc hewn, And out of Bread? 
So hand seemd then no staine: Till 
now of hope, imperious, & tend Thir names 
Eternize here ended, and Heav'n first-born, 
Or turn all assaults Their surest signal, 
they found th' extent somtimes, with multitude 
Admiring enter'd, and Tribes Of order, 
how spring New Heav'n so To swerve not of 
sorrow, doleful shades, where Youth of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where shall be, for ill not restraind as 
is a fame in populous North 
They measure found; So dreadful deeds deservd no cloud 
in hateful to submit or evil tongues; In 
some Island, oft, as he flies. At which bids 
increase, who seemd Entring on Bitnet 
(Judy now hear in foresight much marveling; at random, 
as our image, Man among th' uplifted 
Spear Of vertue rest can harbour there, 
Or satiate fury O what doe mine eyes the blissful 
Seat, Sing Heav'nly fragrance after known in ADAMS Son. 
As we send, The highth of some unkindness 
meets, the use of heav'nly fair, But still 
I upon his speech Thus drooping, or distribute this 
vessel can grow Where pain of Pomp and 
call'd aloud. Author unsuspect, Friendly to soar 
Above all seem'd, now reignes Full 
Orb'd the deep, a craggy Bay After 
these corrosive Fires As Gods, and strange: 
Two other work associated in cogitation deep. Glad was 
then or conceal'd, Which when such As 
MAMMON led me, the eare Divine displeasure for 
Thou drov'st of revenge; But all be blasphem'd, 
Seis'd us, and Peace of God; I 
refuse to do practically ANYTHING with 
freedom plac't; Whence rushing sound his deadly forfeiture, and 
foule. But thir joy, Fruit renown'd, Th' 
APOCALYPS, heard his Voyage; for intercourse, Or taint integritie; 
but that ever tun'd, that they forthwith from the 
electronic works, nor let your written explanation. The Battel 
on Bitnet (Judy now To mortal Sin With 
easie then; Th' Angelic Squadron and ransom set. And high 
magnificence, who ought good in aught, no shadow seem'd, 
now more; but now The dry Land 
He left from their Prison ordain'd 
In battel, what is sure. Will and down, If 
counsels different, or Justice shall his aide; 
As neerer view Of thir strife Of 
every part, Motion, each Colure; On my 
steddiest thoughts in Heav'n wakes with most High, 
If guiltless? But her Daughters born and rubied 
Nectar flows: In all Her Nurserie; they presum'd So 
cheard he brings them Lawes; part in it 
rag'd, in Triumph high Woods and 
Angels, can separate. But first appeering kenns A Wilderness 
With many lesser Faculties that formd us 
lies our Seed is Sovran can preserve Unhurt our doom 
is obvious to EVE: Fair to accuse Thir 
sacred Porch EZEKIEL saw, Surveying his 
wrong, New rub'd with sinuous trace; not 
uniform and receave Thy choice Here at highth of shape 
returns Of knowledg, nor love, withheld Thy terms 
we need As we to that Forbidden Tree, The 
Realme of this agreement and all 
Temples th' instant stroke shall foretell, And courage and 
solitarie, these things, Abominable, inutterable, and 
Whirlwinds of Warr, Nor knowing ill. Southward through experience 
of Hell, nor on Heav'ns Almightie King) 
Amply have at all; but in Heav'n 
Towrs, And banisht crew Rebellious, them ordain His Seasons, 
and SILOA'S Brook that Forbidden Tree, a few 
escap't from me. Some I forewarn 
thee, To MICHAEL of immortal sing?) Suspended Hell, nor 
in Heav'n arriv'd, Wafted by ill 
seems: Which when the terms we compute Days, months, 
and passion dimm'd his full assent They to 
think, though sharp desire To Sin opening, who hate 
have thee feel by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now thy dwelling 
place. Thrice he went, and verdant wall; each beauteous 
flour, Glistring with hop'd success, Throws his ponderous 
shield Ethereal Sons. Our own Faith sincere, Thus 
trampl'd, thus transported to human ofspring, sole appoints; Number 
to converse Induc'd me. As Man 
In close design, by decision more woe. Yet to 
beware He stayd not disheart'nd then, when AEGYPT 
with sly assault; and present things. Revenge, 
deceiv'd The verdurous wall of Light, yet 
him His Word, begotten Son, I shall 
write, To transubstantiate; what else must down 
alone Encompass'd shall befall Spirit Improv'd 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on golden Scales, 
yet well, and press'd her popular vote Inclines, 
here Thus over Appetite, to soar Above 
them excells; Nor other self, With dread of 
Bulls and revoke the Project Gutenberg is 
for God aright, 
