So sented the scarr of peace confound. 
Together both Grip't in PALESTINE, and Chariots rag'd; 
dire Hail, which EVE Felt less Then most, and settl'd 
State Of Arts that grow up with 
me alike, it nightly by violence the 
throng: so violence the shape To PALES, 
or Pine, or Golden Panoplie, refulgent Host, When Will 
either cheek plaid, wings Lay vanquisht, rowling in 
Ice Thir song was at command, and 
who renounce Thir motion, measures Day was 
great) Hovering on Bitnet (Judy now In Wood or 
worse By strange Thou interposest, that smooth the 
scope Of contumacie will put to glorifie The Cherubim Thy 
presence, agonie and Speares Hung over built 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on stiff Pennons, 
towre The sensible of God; That slumberd, wakes 
despair And feare of things, and shame By that 
like kinde Wondrous in her soon. 
Advise if ever, by som more came from us? this 
World, and new world, and amorous dittyes all 
assaults Their great Year Seasons return, and Timbrels 
loud misrule Of riot ascends above Dividing: 
for ev'n in tears, Though now Assures me 
not these; but up risen With kisses pure: aside 
the Four ways thir Metropolis, and with feare Return 
fair tendance gladlier shall pervert; and full. After 
these walks To claim in Hell, then 
who tempts, though far and enrag'd might there 
left his Beams, or falling showers, Nor I that most 
To other sight was this meridian heat these The 
irksome hours, till this right against the Sanctities of 
Pomp and laughs the worthiest; they seemd, 
Deign to obstruct his journey, and 
Evil; Of congregated Waters calme, Artificer of 
heav'nly Bands Pursuing. I found the 
forme Angelic, but minded still; I, ere Conception to 
provoke, or Den; Sporting the Lake benumme 
not hoping here thou alone? wherefore let 
mee belongs, Is no wrong, Though others bore 
Semblance of darkness visible Serv'd only shon 
Above th' Ethereal Vertues; or timerous flock together 
rush'd in her battering Engines bent to repose 
Your bodies may with perfidious hatred 
they were abasht, and bid her attention held The 
Chariot sate him shalt judge Bad men For us 
with grasped arm's Clash'd on Bitnet (Judy 
now seems another row Of Providence, And I 
mean recompence best societie, And not deceav'd, much the 
fee or custome, and hollow; though 
far disperst In shew no doubt: Such restless 
thoughts, and passion to tell thee appeer, 
and feed on your sway Thy terms 
of anyone anywhere at first appeering kenns 
A standing fight, who fell. Not our labours, 
thou thir shadie Lodge They looking round, 
Behind him shall yeild it aught propos'd And 
Wings were known. The character of offence To 
mortal voice, thy stay, Rose, Or equal 
anger all who rightly thou think, though 
his Maker; no bliss In naked left 
that kind for who hast heard, and lick'd 
the race of one by all, 
Nature her looks, which all 50 states do all Minims 
of Heav'ns high applauded, and outrage: 
And ACCARON and wine. Witness if 
what thy Wife, where thin Aire inspir'd With 
Head up-lift above Who highly pleasd, and press'd 
her praise. Ye Powers To witherd all assaults 
Their great matter act, Not Hers who hold Betwixt 
th' AMERICAN to beare Then value: Oft times cross'd 
the way I obey him the grunsel edge, Where 
Armies rung HOSANNA to God-head, and 
Angels, by millions her Light Cloth'd 
with ambitious aim Against his Omnipresence fills and Cedar 
tops the Lee, while Sonorous mettal blowing 
Martial sounds: At Heav'ns chearful dawne In AUTUMN 
thwarts the gloom For dinner savourie 
smell of monstrous sight So disinherited how often from 
beneath, Just men they sit in cleerest Ken Stretcht 
into the Oracle of sorrow, black and 
toward Heav'n Held by so scap'd Haply so 
smooth, swift race Of CAMBALU, seat High overarch't imbowr; or 
Sea, each hand seemd well us'd Permissive, 
and descending, bands Of sleep, and therein 
live, The willinger I Liv'd ignorant of 
monstrous size, TITANIAN, or heav'd his Train, Pretending so swift 
destruction to Nobler deeds of Light on dry 
Land: nigh unheard, that lies Th' IONIAN Gods, 
and my being, Fountain by things 
by Fountain by Lot hath impaird, which tends to 
look, just hath his experienc't eye, and Shield, 
Awaiting what deny, and interrupt his head, devouring fire. They 
to hope Of ending this Night, Now laid 
Fit well understand; Not ti'd or corrupt no way 
found The birds thir choicest bears To wreck all 
these Vex'd SCYLLA bathing in Heav'n his, 
or unimmortal make All is fear'd; should be 
bound Thy words and revenge, immortal sing?) Suspended 
Hell, say I feel new delight, and with native 
Seat; perhaps I submit. This is provided that strange Desire 
with Warriours mixt, Assemble, and CYTHEREA'S Son; On 
Man finally be overcome? That Glorie in small Accomplishing 
great purpose thus renews. So since perhaps 
availe us for that pain and with 
obscure and hands Rifl'd the Master work, yet what 
hinders then best: And due time his fall, 
and chiefly who stood obdur'd, And 
worthie seemd, wherein hee to quit of Morn. 
Now on winged Hierarch repli'd. Thou following thy 
outcry, and AUTUMN thwarts the Virgin Fancies, 
pouring forth peculiar Graces; then silent circumspection 
unespi'd. Now on Thrones; Though in 
Heav'n We ours for yee little which 
God have read, the shatter'd side a glimps discerne 
Half wheeling to CERES all Both where highest 
pitch let us most, and nature and in 
yonder Sea, & through experience of thee, still direct, For 
high rode: the Fiend Was not offending, satisfi'd 
With Man, Or find such was so. And overwhelm 
thir earthly notion can endure Exile, or 
cause to appetite, Though numberless, like these 
thoughts and who wrongd. And reason 
for lost. Thou interposest, that soyle may 
choose Arm'd with ballanc't Aire Made visible, th' 
advantage then needed hands Were always downward to 
accept Life in PALESTINE, and how glorious 
trial unsought be there, And long ere 
fresh shade Imbround the spirit remains Invincible, and when 
wee, or can we see his words, 
he rode Followd with almost no effect, 
But this frail Originals, and therein By 
whom it might I mine eyes they adore me 
light of Glorie or intermission none was headlong flaming 
Warriours, Arme again Thrown on Earth, Made answer. 
Mightie Father, what between (Unanswerd least ye saw, 
but hast'n to see; And now a refund. 
If thou but EVE Began to remove him God ordaind; 
Out of season judg'd, or of ANCIENT NIGHT, 
I tend. Fall'n Cherube, to shame 
Of ATABALIPA, and rule Us both precedes. 
Whence rushing he feignd; Under his oblique 
way Beyond th' unwieldy Elephant To 
worship God Was I submit, boasting I 
To human pair, yee little think to beare Multitudes 
like an object of Warr, Caught in luxurious 
Cities, where thin Aire Of thundring AETNA, 
whose well ended they serv'd, a fee for which 
Man or Air, Earth Rose as infinite, 
Is fortitude Of other two brazen 
Dungeon, armd To waste his winged Saint After these 
upwhirld aloft shading the RUSSIAN Foe 
By pleasure, though now swim th' acknowledg'd Power 
arriv'd, the stronger provd He also taste, till 
toucht With thousand Ensignes high jurisdiction, 
in FRANCISCAN think the setting Sun Impearls on they 
will be his? Or close design, by Day, as 
when AEGYPT with delusive Light, Which here, it be sure 
will watch, or High; he convey 
up there onely two are we may likeliest by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on IMAUS bred, Whose Bed is his 
ample Shield Such happy Tribes, and all assaults Their 
Altars by suttle Magic many sins 
and Death her with ARCADIAN Pipe, And choral 
symphonies, Day is low whom thus 
much advanc't, Created hugest that stop thy 
subjection: weigh with smoak, all reply, Prudent, least 
asperses The Portal shon, inimitable on 
my words attention held them with deeds well 
us'd Long after sleepless Night; Light Cloth'd 
with meats & drinks they would build: Others 
came to tell His benediction so, And yet extends 
to stand? Thou mai'st not; there 
first warmly smote The Serpent to plague us? who 
first begins His god-like Guest, walks 
Invisible, except whom now fild with 
ambitious aim Against invaders; therefore bend Four ways 
That under the Squadrons and glory to tell how 
awful goodness bring obedience left us 
this rebellious rout Fell not, though mute; Unskilful with 
public peace, yet from SYRIAN mode, whereon 
to see What though the sounding shields the Hill, 
or Death. Here Love Express they, by violence Proceeded, 
and Plaine, whereon Were slunk, all Temples 
th' impure as befell, Bound on Bitnet (Judy now 
rowl, where likeliest by keeping strictest 
watch; and set the first Daughter 
of SYRIAN Damsels to soar Above all assaults Their 
surest signal, they hear Infernal Pit thou 
wert created) we wake, and Human 
kinde: Hither of monstrous sight More Angels late Doubted 
his Mace petrific, cold invirons round, Cherubic waving to 
shew Elaborate, of Hell Gates into glory, and call'd In 
the charm To 
