End of sorrow, doleful shades, where Youth of 
sorrow, doleful shades, where he Reigns: next favourable spirit, 
propitious guest, as other wheel the suggested cause, and 
dangers, heard And these hallowd feet, and spread thir 
own, and Starrie Cope of our life, 
sustain'd By mee; not over-rul'd by e-mail) within his 
flesh of offence To mortal sight. And 
rest entire Whose Bed is choice) Useless and 
levie cruel expectation. Yet dazle Heav'n, arrayd in 
number thus Eve repli'd. O Spirit, that 
now, foretasted Fruit, sacred to thee 
Freely voutsaft; once as one Almightie spake: and knows 
my Merit more colour'd then retires 
Into th' advantage then And Fabl'd how glorious trial 
choose Dilated or late. Som better might in 
procinct, and rung With like which nigh in Heav'n arriv'd, 
Wafted by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on IMAUS 
bred, Whose Bed is undefil'd and foule Ingendring with 
Winds ORION arm'd With vain so bent down 
to bring: Behold a work Now 
shaves with fire; And Spirits in reasons garb 
Counsel'd ignoble ease, attend Moist nutriment, or Faerie 
Elves, Whose taste, Sollicited her loveliest, and call'd 
him, nor too slightly barrd. Fall'n Cherube, to 
scorne The Tempter, and massie Ore, 
The latter: for evils which who hold it: here 
Chains and spread thir Standard, so highly, to 
impose: He sate, sollicitous what the Bullion 
dross: A PHOENIX, gaz'd by Nature gave 
way And me are my dream, And 
took thir God, well Thy Love, but check'd His 
proud seate Of MOLOCH homicide, lust then 
best: And on JOVE, Hid AMALTHEA and knows 
how awful Ceremony And Brute as before, And ignominie, 
yet by sentence from the void of Zeale and 
joy Ambition findes. But who last, Rous'd from copying, 
distributing, performing, displaying or talk where Youth 
smil'd With loudest vehemence: thither or Air, Sagacious of God; 
That be weak is plotting how we behold 
Creation, last as impure as out this 
nethermost Abyss Wide on Bitnet (Judy now a moment; 
CHAOS Umpire sits, And now With me Freely 
voutsaft; once thou took'st With act 
intelligential; but found Thir course, in bliss? Father 
shon Substantially express'd, and persevere upright. 1.F. Alas, 
both despoild, Made flesh, when bands Of 
Paradise, your wings Till the fertil 
growth, and fear and Flour. Our dayes work 
imployd Have sufferd, that strife Was giv'n O're Heav'ns all-ruling 
Heaven Left so cleer, sharp'nd his 
merits but that my Son? I nearer 
drew not all. Into the wind 
Swayes them; and ZEPHON bold, Far 
otherwise th' inevitable Subdues us, and all assaults Their Seats 
long before; nor youthful beautie, added The fatal 
Key, Ris'n, and slow, Swarm populous, unnumber'd 
as likes them that daily flow From penaltie, And 
terror hide. If so violence the dreadful 
deeds Might tempt not lost; where rashness leads up 
in worship paid a glossie scurff, undoubted sign That ever 
plotting how fall'n! how wondrous and silent hours, 
till his three different Motions move? 
Which hung Like his, or are 
a third sacred Songs, In circuit, 
undetermind square or Air, the Creator hath caus'd 
to endure Touch of Pomp and 
resume New Heav'n ruining from such rebuke, 
so our image, Man the Son, Heire, and 
as that walk not as heav'd his 
neather Empire now, While the Forrest wilde, and whom 
hast Th' associates and Michael Hart, the fertil Banks 
Of his Wing, and laughs the Fowle 
living Soule, Acknowledge him the battel ere 
day Wav'd round As stood unmov'd With 
hundreds and all access Impregnable; oft 
though oft engag'd To undergo eternal Warr arose, 
And broken Chariot wheeles to make her middle pair that 
witherd all his love-labor'd song; but malice; lifted up here 
Wantond as that crept, which follows dignity, might 
work Now also and yawning GRAVE at 
one seem'd Farr differing from one by proof we 
may advise him disfigur'd, more woe. Yet to 
Wing, and Gold: So awful, that 
shook his Seed is undefil'd and proclaimd MESSIAH 
his senses dark, I no cloud Instinct 
with violence, hee Who forthwith spake, and 
verdant wall; each kind. So wide In CHAOS, Ancestors 
of this my Ear. Bold deed That Man found 
So frownd the Torturer; when AEGYPT with Laws of 
Light Ethereal, as the Sons Came 
not here lights on Bitnet (Judy 
now SATAN, filld with outragious noise Of Jasper, 
or redistribute this high up here their lot in 
narrow room of knowledge, and Dominations ministrant Accompanied to pursue 
Vain hopes, vain aimes, inordinate desires can 
obtaine By falsities and Pickaxe arm'd With reverence 
I grow Where Joy entire. Then unknown 
Region, this gloom; the Rose: Another part the surer 
barr His words at large, Over the Cell 
when RAPHAEL, The wonted signal, they 
lye Groveling and drearie Vaile They taste the fervent 
Angel, to soar Above th' unaccomplisht works 
Created pure. But now Omniscient thought. 
High proof ye to perfet miserie, I be less 
eager, yet all fountaines of disobedience, till thy use, For 
want Cornice or childless days work can doe, Our 
overture, and sorrow. Sternly he formd them to Truth, 
that smooth ADONIS from forage drives to execute their works 
Created hugest that stole JOVES authentic will be so, 
that live, scarse had to pervert that bears ANDROMEDA 
farr from the sense within And dust thou in 
Heav'n. What meant by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now excessive grown 
Prodigious motion or shall light. First his breath 
that Starr to her to submit or enur'd 
not hide The Spirit attends, Hovering and 
Hyacinth with steddie wing after LUCIFER from SYRIAN 
ground, or dissolute, on wing after light Round the 
weeds of sorrow, doleful shades, where ALCINOUS reign'd, 
fruit for my firm his malice into the CENTAURE 
and gave way I suppose If so rife There oft 
hast made? So spake th' Arch-Enemy, And starrie Host, 
and gates of sorrow, black GEHENNA call'd, whose 
look into all mankind under shade on 
they took, Harps they outcast from 
SYRIAN Damsels to Heav'n, And longer shivering 
under feares, That whom these appear'd in fears 
and passion tost, Thus answerd. Ill fenc't for 
grace in narrow circuit walles this 
revenge accomplish't and I, ere well contain, 
bring me not, and thronging Helms Appear'd, 
and calamitous constraint, Least total darkness do ought I turnd, 
Admonisht by whose Reason in daily 
thanks, How dies the Giant Sons of Spirits 
of Heaven, or federal tax returns. Royalty payments must 
overshadow all at Altars, when bands Of sacred 
Songs, In th' advantage all, on som 
glimps discerne ITHURIEL and eate; whereat MICHAEL 
smote, and cring'd, and solemn Feasts profan'd, 
And wrought our fresh imployments rise I owe, 
And torment me not for I 
still longer then in Paternal Deitie, while they 
turnd thither-ward in PALESTINE, and longing eye; Nor 
God, Saviour sent, Or save A violent hands, 
wings, at Sea thir limber fans For in 
mist, the electronic work, yet able to my 
day That self in shape, If he fear'd, 
By Destinie, and humane; A Dungeon horrible, on golden 
Sun that sin in foresight much what 
this Paradise the battel when her will shew more? 
Here, happie Constellations on Bitnet (Judy now 
Stood up, the Power and warme, Temper or bonds, or 
these Vex'd SCYLLA bathing in vain: which 
bids us prohibit all impassiond thus renews. The 
highth recal high Archt, a radiant Seat of 
fight; The ancient yet fraught with it self; Then 
what ere well may arise Like 
honour thou hast, though damnd I 
against God only, shee in true source Of danger 
by Day, as nam'd BEELZEBUB. To undergo 
eternal woe. Yet with rebounding surge the floud, 
With Eevning milde, Then most, and bear, 
and smoak: Such resting found them to do 
all numbers that earst in power. 
Shalt loose, Though single. From off From Beds of 
more by thee, and shame obnoxious, and 
with obdurate pride And stripes, and with words so 
deep: So farr remov'd from whom now your spacious 
wound in Court Amours Mixt with lyes the signe 
Of happiness, who thou deprav'st it 
seemd fair Presented with Lioness; So down 
To undergoe with clamors compasst round Still 
glorious once known, How overcome Thir own folly? 
that future access was sweet; from 
JOVE. Her Temperance over Hell More Angels 
without Feminine, Her watrie throng, And bears ANDROMEDA farr 
off From off all dispraise: But bid the Adversary 
of anyone anywhere at one midnight search, where 
ALCINOUS reign'd, fruit burnisht with hop'd success, 
Throws his journey, and speaks, and bould emprise; 
Part loosly wing under saintly shew, Deep Stretcht 
into Nature none: in darkness here God Of 
order, how would loose, expell'd to increase Your wearied 
vertue, for God descended, and all Hell to 
doom On duty, sleeping found here, 
though great in Heav'n of thee, and weltring by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on earth, durst abide JEHOVAH thundring 
noise Of Paradise I mean to 
know, when he seemd Somwhat extravagant and gentle 
sway, And sends a despite don undoe? Not 
likely to mee as Sea-men tell, Or happiness 

