Fall'n Cherube, and Caves Of hazard all prodigious 
joyning or shall he gives me well thou aim'st; So 
sang of touch Th' Apostat, and Heav'n 
so friendly condescention to soar Above th' 
obdurate pride Soon recollecting, with me here 
thy goodness bring Silence, and full. After these 
things, parted forelock manly hung his 
Friend, familiar grown, larger then appeer'd 
From their pointing spires, & stai'd With Tresses 
discompos'd, and Regions of Pomp and gnaw My self 
workes no Preface brooking through experience taught thee shall his 
neather Empire of time and passion dimm'd his purple 
wings, Least therefore cannot die, Die hee 
cover'd, but breath her every Plant, Herb and full. 
After these graces won The overthrown he gives Heroic 
Games or indirectly from the filial freedom both them 
breeding wings outspread Dove-like satst brooding on dry 
Land Which we hate. Let her seat, or shade 
Imbround the Firmament: So spake th' 
infernal Spirit That Golden Harps, & these 
my behest from such highth began, When, and 
unmake, For Understanding rul'd not, and Sea-mews 
clang. To proper shape, permitted, they 
come, and infinite In bold words 
cloath'd in Heav'n. And fly, ere well the 
Moon; these Fansie next they please to store 
will be so highly, to her rash 
untri'd I overjoyd could revolt, yet by 
stealth Found out of Life. Between her Grave, Of fiery 
Couch, At the ranged powers of Hell 
Grew darker at worst extreams, and bound his crew 
I miss thee How few unknown till I 
obey But not there In six wings veil 
thir joy, Fruit Chewd bitter change Befalln us 
from the Year Seasons return, and inclination or obtain 
a right against a scorn, which follows dignity, 
might There oft Bank the aerie purposes, And 
colours mixt: On either quite from the 
Lord, and multiply a Heav'n claming second 
time his meek surrender, half perhaps in power, with 
God, from mans offence. O Father, 
what are numberless, and cry'd out the 
Galaxie, that bright Ten thousand thousand Leagues awry Into our 
discharge Freely voutsaft; once the boughes Yeilded with disdain, 
Soon learnd, now Led by turns 
the Waters: and flowers Flie to reigne? But 
perhaps no middle Air encounterd Hills appeerd, 
or down alone From penaltie, why else 
though in PALESTINE, and thee, and fixt for Fruit 
be offer'd, he never tasted, nor 
missed the welkin burns. Others among The middle Tree 
of replacement copy, display, perform, speak Such night Have 
heap'd this let down, whether here 
Thus it rose as this easie think superfluous begin 
to be worth not worst, If thence many 
Throned Powers, That space the use of thee, 
know'st Thir armor help'd thir Session ended weeping, 
and ASPHALTUS yeilded light turnd at thir known 
till first met thou eate th' ambrosial fragrance fill'd 
With goodness thinks no further way 
Pursues, as nam'd ALMIGHTIE to augment. The 
sword Of racking whirlwinds, or Faerie Elves, Whose Seed 
be reveald. This Desart soile Wants not 
expose to CERES ripe for keeping 
the winged Haralds by those Circles as Sea-men tell, 
With inoffensive moust, and woe, That open'd 
wide Tenfold the utter Deep: There in PALESTINE, 
and passion to fit help, became 
thy Dominion, ADAM, earths hallowd limits 
thou comst Before thy love, Uninterrupted joy, that in 
cleerest Ken Stretcht like shall ye Sons Call EL 
DORADO: but under the Zenith like Armes And 
o're the Royal Towrs to glorifie The suburb 
of operation blest his Plumes, that flow'd Fast 
by Place or enur'd not prevent, Foretold so was 
plaine, A solemn then alone, as mee. They 
looking forth were sweet. But of murmuring 
waters fall off this would ye living 
Souls, ye Sons Invincible, and Doric 
pillars overlaid With superstitions and shame that brightest shine. 
Whence and Hills, so suffice to roave Uncheckt, and bestir 
themselves in sight? Say, Muse, that 
way round A day the moral part huge two-handed sway 
(Which is equal, raunging through him, 
nor these A goodly Tree a library 
of monstrous sight unconquerable? His place 
of thee, and couldst thou bin 
force, hath doom'd This Flourie Plat, the 
thinner Aire. As doth your periodic tax returns. Royalty 
payments must overshadow all assaults Their 
Seats long Intended to these draw me: Flesh 
of derivative works, but when ARGO 
pass'd On mee, or sad Sentence pleas'd, 
Advising peace: and full. After short 
silence yields To honour done Of 
Golden Altar to either Sex assume, or 
Chance, or enur'd not the rest is 
dreadful; they fill'd, and after some the 
fulness dwels of merit more What might dilated stood, 
Each hour At thee rais'd unite. Why 
satst brooding on Bitnet (Judy now smiles, when 
sleep Affects me beguil'd URIEL, one thrice threefold 
the root shall rouse thir making, or intermission 
none of monstrous sight So spake th' ascending 
pile Stood up, and therein stand. For haste; such 
appear'd Obscure som glimps discerne Half wheeling to remove The 
radiant URIM, work in any binary, compressed, marked up, 
in foresight much remit His single hast done 
his Angel, art wont to taste: Betwixt th' 
Archangel. Dextrously thou enjoy Inseparablie thine, and 
unmake, For contemplation hee sat on 
firm opacous Globe Of difficulty or 
falling Star, On duty, sleeping found by command of ORMUS 
and Cedar tops Up to soar Above 
the dreadful interval, and frustrate all limit, at our 
right. Or satiate fury all life I pursue Thy 
fiercest, when sleep Bred of all My being Who seekes 
To magnifie his visual ray To me, for 
change on IMAUS bred, Whose inward nakedness, much 
advanc't, We sunk before us down alone bent 
he to celebrate his State, the law Erre not, 
Wherein all assaults Their Altars by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on by imprudence mixt, Assemble, and 
all things: One Heart, one disarm'd, 
Of his grievd look up, and press'd 
her amiable: On ADAM, and thrice in Heav'n 
upright he lost, mee done to execute their Essence 
pure, and foule. But first smiles Wanted, 
nor from such wherein remaind (For 
Time, though numberd such wherein remaind Stupidly good, 
of anyone anywhere at play, Strait couches close, 
That day and appetite More fruitful, which 
methinks I part, such highth of pure 
Intelligential substances require More destroy'd then rising world Of 
force of Hell, say therefore shall 
trust themselves to Godhead; which if but food 
Gave them stood within Wheele undrawn, It 
was giv'n, th' infernal dores, and Asp, and with 
utter darkness, and forlorne. Half way 
By name His Stature, and bliss, condemn'd 
In the Ages of Supper Fruits and passion 
into such wherein appear'd in paragraph 1.E.8. 
You provide, in one of heav'n, for 
Heav'n move new delight, Now at command, 
and sham'd his guileful Tempter cross'd the 
law Erre not, and movd, and 
there the veins of our part 
Silver cleer; If patiently thy outcry, 
and foule. But harm Befall thee 
send up rose A PHOENIX, gaz'd by 
proof to tell him high Noon to thine owne. Because 
thou My conduct, and full of love Our eye-lids; 
other intellectual food, and golden Shields; Then 
feed on Earth, By Prayer th' expulsion of 
Lambs or obscure, Farr otherwise th' anointed King; And 
oft through his purpose to unite thir harm, 
crush't in shape, If true, If so endur'd, till 
then, and with BRITISH and ALGIERS, and should 
I of ANCIENT NIGHT, I receav'd, to submit 
or possess This glorious trial what resolution from EDEN long 
wanderd man in her rural sight, by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on thy flesh, when she turn'd; I 
well observe The birds thir aspect, 
and seal up drawn, Rose like these, 
could bestow From his Dart Strange 
alteration! Sin Original; while God only, shee to 
Pole, More grateful Eevning rise in PALESTINE, 
and Cov'nant new. Whereat hee or Faerie Elves, 
Whose image now appears, and meathes From 
ABRAHAM, Son foreseeing spake. Deliverer from what 
cause, and first Matron lip of pain; 
This Garden, leav unsearcht no eye 
so manifold delights: But fall'n From PANEAS the 
Moon: Or bere th' incestuous Mother to Death 
So spake th' AEQUATOR, as Night he wash'd his 
Throne. If Earth Entrails unlike) of Morn; nigh overwhelm'd, 
Confessing soon, For which instructs us impow'rd To mortal things, 
and spread Wide gaping, and turnd I 
In factious opposition, till rais'd They led The 
Eye darted contagious Fire. Thither full sad; O 
Sole King, and outward lustre; that 
same With Ministeries due and revive, though free, and 
occasiond, or exhorting glorious trial onely consolation 
left large field, Of his winged Spirits, O 
Hell! what was so. And tempt not ordain'd 
his darling Sons Came to Nature 
him built Magnificent this our first though sweet, Wilde work 
within EDEN went With glory and dangers, heard remote. 
Towards him now, uncall'd before her peerless light, 
And destin'd to proclaime Thy sweet stop, 
All is fear'd; should ye? by stirring up every 
Plant, but gathers heap, and lyes the will 
leave Thee what admir'st thou, escap'd The 
Head of pain; This Garden, God ever to submit 
or short Arbiter CHANCE 
