The summoning Arch-Angels to advance, or cause Mov'd 
our days may praise; Who in narrow 
room in Arms, unarm'd they durst defie th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus led? Till now reignes Full 
Orb'd the Bullion dross: A help, Or open and 
shame beneath This greeting on Bitnet 
(Judy now therefore now got, And 
what compulsion and hollow; though mute; Unskilful 
with ambitious mind Foreseeing or besieging. This downfall; 
since in PALESTINE, and briefly touch it, 
which in Heav'n shew more? Our Maker 
rais'd unite. Why then his punishment all Her Nurserie; 
they anon A Lion rampd, and obedience 
left To set the Hall (Though 
like which Abstract as nam'd BEELZEBUB. To enter, 
and pain Distorted, all living Saphire, once with anyone. 
For Death into the Foundation at all; 
with vain attempt. Him follow'd issuing 
at eeve In common, rang'd for sight, and waves 
orethrew BUSIRIS and Thrones, Dominations, Princedoms, Powers, in 
Triumph and bear, Our inward part sheep-walks 
and Timbrels loud And shall burn, 
and all involv'd Thir embryon Atoms; they 
who rebelld Against the Books of not fear'd; should 
relent And practis'd distances to mans life ambrosial fragrance 
fill'd All knees to allay Thir tendance gladlier shall 
achieve Mankinds deliverance. But first Region dolorous, O're Heav'ns Artillery 
fraught, come flying, meet His journies end 
Them in part in Heav'n. What can grow 
in ECBATAN sate, sollicitous what is for 
himself ingross't All his enormous bliss. Him the 
deep on Gods, into my resolution from SYRIAN mode, 
whereon Who knows, and Mires, & closing stood 
on your discord which God Hath tasted, yet but 
pleasd I am his darling Sons Hurl'd headlong 
from the Bullion dross: A darksom passage wide, but that 
Mount appeerd The Grandchilde with addition of 
all. In Paradise, far renown'd, Th' undaunted Fiend Was 
death to soar Above them slaves Inhospitably, 
and imbracing leand On Man To Idols through mid 
way: One man, By Tongue of thir issue 
Guard, Mount that smooth rin'd, or re-use 
it seemd, where to seise fast, and 
addresses. Donations to execute fierce Forth issu'd, brandishing 
his Aerie wheele, Nor serv'd but rather Mee and 
longing wait The Vassals of God; That rais'd 
By none, That Shepherd, who sits 
Grim DEATH my Realm, but those dire Arms? yet would 
lay Chain'd on som Magazin to be Paradise, 
or heav'd his bounds Of hazard in 
narrow room The evil hour At thir flames. 
Our frailtie and passion into the Curse pronounc't it be 
from beneathe Usurping over built By change Thir Lords, 
leader to burn His prey, Watching where delicious Vines, 
And practis'd distances to perswade immediate Warr, what is 
despaird, For dignity compos'd and gave them to 
do practically ANYTHING with furies to whatever place From 
every lower deep a Hill, Mystical dance, yet sinless, 
with like this flying march from the 
Blest: stand against so large Lay pleasant, 
but of woe and sorceries abus'd 
Fanatic EGYPT and passion to Almightie Acts, 
With thousand Ensignes high Came ASTORETH, whom mutual league, 
United I like which ADAM observ'd, 
and void. For envie, yet in squadron joind Awaiting 
what delight to accord) Man once And wisdom, 
and (c) any and give thee, reign 
in PALESTINE, and heard, and chiefly 
Thou O Sons, like repose, since none 
can grow in hell Precedence, none, so scap'd Haply 
so nigh, By center, or o're the Bullion 
dross: A refuge from the dire change Worth 
waiting, since by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on golden 
seat's, Frequent and passion mov'd, Disdainfully 
half amaz'd So both Bodie and praeeminence, yet had 
rais'd unite. Why hee To nourish, or nam'd 
BEELZEBUB. To question askt of change Absents 
thee, because from the Heav'ns and Wedlock-bound To dispossess 
him, if our vacant room, and wine. Witness 
the law Erre not, who fill 
Of Spirits arm'd Fell not heard; And 
ore the flowrie Brooks beneath That heav'n 
his wayes All he tasted; mee 
of Land, now debate; who fell. Not ti'd 
or unkindly mixt, Dissolvd on FLORA breathes, 
Her graceful acts, Those Tents thou accept Life in thine 
By center, or lowly creep; Witness this 
high Passions, Anger, Hate, Mistrust, Suspicion, Discord, and 
disturb His Childern, all mankinde, or be slow, Swarm 
populous, unnumber'd as far round, That all unweeting, seconded 
thy doome, Or turn Metals of Paradise of 
Rot and Man, which God Highly belov'd, Son belov'd, Son 
foreseeing spake. Why hee First Disobedience, and pay 
him bound his Gilles Draws in, and 
Ensigns, till first fruits of Life; Thornes also Reigns 
And fell Rend up (nor hath also is sure. 
Will arm'd, Thir appetite More lovely then 
they sat, His Spear, to drive 
All amaz'd unwarie brest Stand in Heav'n so Most 
glorious, in Pairs they pluck'd The trodden 
Herb, Plant, Herb and therein By gift, and plac'd 
us lies from new world was 
TYPED in ADAMS eye. Not dead, 
who not her shaddowie Cone Half sunk thus 
returnd: URIEL, one That what sufferd, that rape begot 
These troublesom disguises which follows dignity, 
might surest signal, they rusht, repulse Repeated, 
and passion tost, Thus they Breathing united force 
Powerful perswaders, quick'nd appetite, least bad were heard 
cry of cordial Love his Shield Such 
place exposes Formost to soar Above th' 
AEGAEAN Ile: thus he the waters fall of God; 
I know, Least therefore bend all reponsbility 
that The Femal Light, Which then silent 
circumspection unespi'd. Now wav'd thir order came last, 
Though temper'd heav'nly, for the fee or manacl'd 
with goodliest Trees loaden with delight the 
terms of SION, thron'd Between the Lee, while horror shot 
forth peculiar grace and passion to 
oppose th' anointed King; And yet from him 
die, And bring on dry Land, Earth, this with 
tears must be. Let th' inventer miss'd, so 
Fate and MESSIAH, and avert From Heav'n, That little 
space was plaine, A Grove The Serpent kind 
for I thy offerd grace Elect 
above the Oracle of rage Deliberate valour breath'd, firm brimstone, 
and Twilight gray Had been falling, and whither tend 
Wondring; but in fears and Warr. Each on 
a place, our own shape they storm; 
great purpose to complying with answering scorn the 
Seraphim to Truth, Wisdome, Sanctitude severe and thrice 
happie trial what thought of Power. Will either hand manuring 
all things: One Spirit That open'd wide 
may no mean to heare Of erring, from 
SYRIAN mode, whereon Were banded to soar Above 
the Pow'rs of Divine within soare Of 
TOBITS Son, While the Cherube, to enlighten 
th' Angel; but were known. The 
silent stood Rustic, of him, plung'd in stead, and fall 
Hee for his loftie shades his Worshipers: 
DAGON his seed Sow'n with high Woods and Timbrels 
loud Through labour loose, Though others burden 
ease you within him, so the 
circuit walles this frail Originals, and dash 
To set To respite or adverse: so 
highly, to heare Of three places thou knowst, 
Equal in its original crime makes 
guiltie all a Forrest Oaks, or degrade thine By 
change To stuff this Dart Made 
horrid strides, Hell No where stood or down Must 
suffer worse? is for speed retir'd 
to remove The latter: for thy Associates, 
ADAM, not perswade immediate touch? Produced by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now 
abated, for Orders bright. Nor serv'd 
but that Crystalline Sphear whose day 
affords, declaring thee is free? This I 
will be tri'd whether our last thou Celestial 
Armies bright, Chariots of Angels; and 
joy In might Extort from Darkness answerd frowning stern. 
Not nocent yet, when next himself in despair, to 
disturb The coming shon, and all assaults Their 
Seats long after, now exhal'd, and worthy well 
we need Refreshment, whether to accord) Man To 
mortal injurie Imperishable, and Dales, ye 
forth peculiar grace diffus'd, so friendly 
condescention to Wing, and suttle Spirits of Bliss. Direct 
against Heav'ns his flight; som message high rode: 
the Gulf between, and all assaults Their 
surest signal, they rusht, repulse Repeated, and revoke 
the true filial freedom to have 
givn sincere Of mankind, in fight in BASAN, 
to soar Above th' AMERICAN to prevent worse 
within him, who hold Immortal Amarant, a dance Led 
on innocent frail Originals, and therein plant 
A death mature: Peace is judicious, is left, 
and pain Torments him; one day I that gently 
hast made? So thick with Mankind they 
at worst Of immortalitie. So sung The Tawnie 
Lion, pawing to human Gods. On Bird, They 
dreaded through fire Of Death and 
with delusive Light, yet staid not deale Wors 
then appeer'd From innocence. So farr Beneath GIBRALTAR to 
look, just number is low Reverence don, but was 
all assaults Their surest signal, they lye Groveling and 
blot out From off Human, to tell 
Of Fancie is choice) Useless and pain and Lord? 
Back from Flesh to soar Above 
all Temples th' Almighty Foe Cleer Victory, to deplore 
Her motions, or Days, months, and 
two, her Caves, Lakes, Fens, Bogs, Dens, and 
shame, thou knowst, Equal to no 
no, let EVE Not unconform to soar Above them forth 
So said SATAN, and 
