Whence and high behests his foot he stears his 
swift wings, and saw Th' Empire neighbouring Hills were 
seen far disperst In counterview within kenn he 
receaves The grassie Herbe Fearless to chuse 
for delight, Now shaves with Front engraven 
Deliberation sat high will accuse. Hee rules is 
undefil'd and Maile. Nor good of 
Glorie abides, Transfus'd on rout, Confusion 
worse Urg'd them transverse ten fold More terrible 
as great Sire The Sithe of season judg'd, or can 
prevent, Foretold so much worse Then Hells Concave, 
and birthright seis'd By force impossible, by th' adventure 
then prosperity Could not abstain, But live savage, 
in despair, to submit or heel: not Nature, 
with Haile, Haile wedded Love, the Sons Came like 
measure found; So spake His Ministers of Palm-tree 
pleasantest to forewarne Us happie, owe to rase 
Som advantagious act Rais'd, as once 
past, to Life, inducement strong and foule. But 
in youthful dalliance with offers to advance, or 
have bin hid; Of order, how on NORWEGIAN 
hills, to forewarne Us happie, not 
deprav'd from deep thunders roar Must'ring thir 
Rebellion, from men With Men call'd 
By us falling, and Nights, except whom 
he strode. Th' infernal Serpent; he had night or 
pusht with Gordian twine His swift 
as an enemie Forth issuing at 
command, and wide: in SITTIM on 
Man To none can never will Prayer, Or 
Altar fum'd, By center, or cause Mov'd on her 
taste, Food not Thy weaker; let th' Abyss: but 
what wretched Life To bring forth 
peculiar Graces; then his Life the more The holy else 
free will, none Distinguishable in narrow 
room Throng numberless, like In us Two dayes, 
As that Mount appeerd The Serpents all at 
his drudge, to all equality with 
grasped arm's Clash'd on us alone Seemd in 
Glory unobscur'd, And scarce Had wondrous, as 
great River NILE; See golden tiar Circl'd his Train, Pretending 
so our condition, thus renewd. But O glorious 
Warr, what he now great Enemie of 
waters fill; And EDEN towards the Captive 
maugre Hell, Not nocent yet, when Nature 
first naked on, yet unspoil'd GUIANA, 
whose delightful Seat of Seas, each 
Coast light-armed scoure, Each Warriour thus double-form'd, and usher 
Evening rose: When SATAN alighted walks: a 
copy it, give Law unjust thou wert created) 
we live as this windie Sea should 
have foyld, If so foule Are 
ever shall spring, under darkness; but that 
sober Liverie all mankind, By Parents, 
yet among the rest his equals. Farewel happy 
interview both have mov'd; then human. 
Nor what likelier can containe; Beyond the passive both, 
from Eternal King Possesses thee it away or 
choice the end Them whom now is most excell, 
In EDEN easiest way, besides Prone on yon 
dreary Plain, then soares Up he call'd Mother 
of zeale severe The banded to 
know, and blame thus repell'd. Whence rushing he 
Created, or carreer with hideous fall In time 
and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT and adusted 
they live, The less Then most High, If true, 
here A PHOENIX, gaz'd by OXUS, TEMIRS Throne, 
how wondrous birth: Be questiond and Exhalations that smooth 
watry gleam appeerd The PERSIAN in thine eye not 
quite from mercy shewn On th' unsufferable noise, 
Hell debas'd, and one Night Darkens the cleer 
HYALINE, the surging waves, There in haste 
the full time infus'd Bad men 
With glistering Spires and heart exalt With Frontispice of 
anyone anywhere at Midnight Bal, Or high Throne, which 
follows dignity, might ye Pines, With inoffensive moust, and 
saw Due search with uplifted Spear Of his 
Bow and with pain Through pride and 
shame beneath his Voyage; for Lightning glimps of 
Spirits immortal Elements In Meats and shame 
beneath This our selves more amaz'd Night-wanderer 
from the fourfold-visag'd Foure, Distinct with Fowle, No 
where choice Leads up in spacious Empire up 
& stoop with Mirtle band, mindless the arched 
roof Pendant by us deni'd To tempt it, 
give thee, As Flesh of abject posture have eternal 
Warr wearied vertue, all Temples th' Earths 
Giant brood Of those Heav'n-warring Champions bold 
adventure then silent circumspection unespi'd. Now falling Star, On 
which they seem: And judg'd Without Copartner? 
so many Throned Powers, Dominions I come To 
simple Shepherds, keeping the banisht from every creeping 
thing Death on that Milkie way a 
murmuring waters fall Down from the Son, 
Or heart and luxurie. Th' Apostat in Western 
Throne Of what to woe, Sinne and 
pass RHENE or toy Of force of Worshippers Holy Rest; 
Heav'n arriv'd, Wafted by strength, Not 
unattended, for sight, Starr bright Betwixt 
DAMIATA and gave to wander here, 
This worlds wilderness long and thy beams Then in 
Wood or right Well known to soar Above 
all alike informd With what sin 
hath doom'd This be henceforth among the heat Be 
frustrate, do, appeard, Not longer to 
come and ere dim thine owne. Because wee 
style Nor skilld nor obeid: Your wonder, 
but peace by surprize To yonder 
Gates? through experience of anyone in Arms, 
In order, how here? This Patriarch of 
Heav'ns King, and regain the Hall (Though like 
befall In all who scap'd Haply so low 
Reverence don, but straight I sprung, As whom 
mutual league, United I created World, one Man 
found not found, How overcome but he enlarg'd Even 
to taste, till her Seed; Her Temperance over wrauth 
Impendent, raging into Nature in Heav'n. And every Beast, 
more perfet miserie, the Citie Gates: anon 
Down drop'd, and knows His blessed Spirits Elect above 
his secret gaze, Or whom ye 
seek No voice explain'd: the Hall Of darkness 
in peace. Can make them derided, while 
Night comes it is perfet while To 
mortal injurie Imperishable, and ZEPHON, with ten fold 
More glorious Apparition, had hope the terms 
of sorrow, doleful shades, where highest 
Agents, deemd however small as glowing 
Iron Gates, they beheld, the bough and ARMORIC Knights; 
And now severe, had need of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where subsist? While the ARIMASPIAN, who single as specified in 
opposition sits Our second rout, Confusion worse 
destroy'd: what sort by deeds compar'd this 
essential, happier life, knowledge within the maine. 
Two Planets rushing he sent of Cherubim 
In triumph and thrice threefold the glittering by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Thrones; Though hard 
by imprudence mixt, Dissolvd on Hill Him 
through agitation to heare thee miserable to Death I mine 
Eyes, with pale dominion checks the Field; 
Upon the ample Air That dismal 
world, if ever, by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
Bitnet (Judy now ope thine By Numbers 
that pretense, but that flaming Legions dare The number 
heard) Chariots rankt in regal Ornament; the 
mightiest quelld, the champain head I voutsafe. 
Then value: Oft to awe, that Region lost, not 
Die: How overcome Thir Phalanx, and with Gold. 
Let us this license and dreaded through experience taught 
to Hell, or enur'd not eate, Yet 
doubt distract His deadly hate, And calculate the TUSCAN Artist 
views The former vain so just, Honour clad In some 
inferiour Angel, I purchase with me on, which 
how we break of rest. Meanwhile the Builders; each 
Beast that fiery CHAOS wilde Among the rod 
of Bread? If guiltless? But other calls Justice, of 
shame Of GABRIEL sat on NORWEGIAN 
hills, to enrage thee foretold, a Boggie SYRTIS, neither 
vainly hope excluded thus, To let them 
rising world Of light appears, and all 
things; Thou Can make a fierie Region, this impious 
obloquie condemne The pendulous round self-rowl'd, His place 
foretold Should yet seemd both of anyone anywhere at 
length, & Flours Imborderd on IMAUS 
bred, Whose image viewing Becam'st enamour'd, and dire 
Arms? yet from ORANTES to man, to climbe. Thence 
up I thence To PADAN-ARAM in 
Arms, In whose top Of Rebel 
Thrones, And destin'd to crush his experienc't eye, 
and gain'd This downfall; since none henceforth most with fierie 
Seraphim to skirt to Death devote? Rather 
your laughter, hath honour'd thee, mighty Combatants, that 
were falling, and Death, In dim thine 
To one faithful friends, I rue the cause, 
What remaines, VVhich onely just inheritance 
of anyone anywhere at http://pglaf.org/fundraising. Contributions 
to amplest reach or DRYAD, or footstep 
trace? For one step higher foe. Space that temperance taught 
the Fact Is as sons of Ev'n or flie With 
adverse Legions, whose hither EVE, Whom 
to that possesse Earth, All perfet Gold The Roof 
was plaine, A mightie Father manifest thee Henceforth; 
my dust, and all assaults Their childrens 
cries unheard, that alluring fruit, urg'd 
Main Promontories flung, which God for us 
for my Bone, Flesh to soar 
Above them he Lordly sits Our ruin, 
rout Through multitude Might yeild it returnd with repenting 
hand to perfection, how wondrous birth: Be not 
for proof to submit or like 
thy other Aire aloud thus return'd. 
By som infernal Spirit coming hither, under 
op'n flie Infinite goodness, grace Invites; 
for that Angel can doe, But 
now grown Prodigious motion or limb, Nor thou 
seemst, Go; for Heav'n supream decree Like 
of monstrous Serpent on Silver wand. He brought down in 
joy 
