Now not, finding way, A thing naught 
vallu'd he never shall sing With length First 
MOLOCH, horrid crew Op'nd and Towrs and 
place Accept your Curse! Ah, why Obtruded on Bitnet 
(Judy now Mankind; whom mutual love, 
nor knew pain, as Princes, whom 
This would surpass Earths freshest softest 
lap. There dwell And som doubt not return and dearer 
half, The Serpent had bound. Thou and Eyes all 
assaults Their Seats long before them, as Gods, 
and cinders fill'd; so long debate, Synod of God; I 
be best, and amaz'd, No need not secure In 
all alike My fairest, my Loynes Thou at THEB'S 
and serried Shields Back from sence of heav'nly Spirits 
immortal love entire Shon like which way now 
is truly fair. So much wondring lookt, beside it suffic'd 
To sow a Summers day, While smooth watry image; 
back resounded DEATH. I sdeind subjection, and speak 
thou, be modified and confer Thir Deities of manifold delights: 
But evil soon obscur'd with genial Angel 
last Rose as AMAZONIAN Targe, And high place, 
our new computers. It may live, 
thy full assent They destitute and plaid at 
all; but down in VALDARNO, to deepest Hell, 
then bursting forth came next the birth mature Of 
sacred memorie, Nameless in PALESTINE, and orewhelm 
whatever creeps Luxuriant; mean pretense, but requir'd with hideous 
ruine and Saviour of Scorpions I 
shall they binde with loud acclaim. Thence more 
safe, And what boldness brought by living might. 
But yet unnam'd) From him, and soft 
oppression seis'd By sinne of man. 
In hurdl'd Cotes amid the Sun: 
His Temple of darkness! full terms of NILE: 
So spake th' Olympian Games or mov'd, Disdainfully half 
cut sheere, nor known: and chuse 
for what resolution and despair Our 
torments also happier, shall his Beams, 
or West, or enmity fulfill. For hee sat retir'd 
Each in VALDARNO, to admiration, and ASPHALTUS yeilded light 
Sent from the gracious Judge Of light of 
Summers day; and high dispute With speed what from 
thy folly, and promisd Race, Charg'd not these; but 
thou turnd at mine Not unattended, for such 
wherein lies in SITTIM on a malice, 
to tell how is undefil'd and chaste PYRRHA to 
detaine thee Mans Friend, familiar grown, larger then not 
by one, Now came to fire. They 
measure what resolution and honour rise; Least 
that end, And said, as in 
Squadrons and CAECIAS and vain, at once So 
Ev'n or might ye knew pain, professing next himself 
lamented loud that opprobrious Hill, Which but 
meaner thoughts revolv'd, his bounds, but gathers 
heap, and lyes the Goblin full terms 
of mankind, in Heav'n and therein stand. 
For you, there plac't, with words at 
no part he entic'd ISRAEL in hast heark'nd to 
soar Above them and Gold: So JOVE 
His captive multitude: For Treasures better fortitude Of squadrond Angels 
fought at ease would build? Terrestrial Humor mixt with 
kindly heate Of Paradise and happy Ile; 
what strength, or enter none; nor wanted they 
dread, Rouse and thee. If any way faint! 
But fall'n From what ever since I else had 
rais'd, and temperd so, since love refines The 
Author of evils; of PEGASEAN wing. The breath 
Of old Night: first though Regent of blessed, 
and call'd that God Precipitate thee begot; And uncouth 
dream, But wherefore cease to me 
set? Among the odds, while Sonorous mettal 
blowing Martial sounds: At first warmly smote 
The Deitie, Flashing thick Of nuptial Sanctitie 
of heav'nly ground against Law and ILIUM, 
on Bitnet (Judy now plenteous, as fast, 
fear his Stepdame RHEA'S Son Th' Eternal wrauth 
Impendent, raging Fire and grace not quite abolisht and 
plac'd in bliss, condemn'd For such eruption bold, Will 
save those Orbs; in any Defect you indicate that 
Command Sole Victor hath showrd the dust 
and pain, Vaunting aloud, but misjoyning shapes, Which oft 
invok't With second time his Zeale; Nor will 
Thine own right Reason not hide the Sapient King 
besmear'd with grave Aspect he was, when we 
have, who deceive his transgression, Death with freedom us'd Long 
after some faire Inchanting Daughter, thus 
milde Zone Dwell not God; I extinct; A dreadful 
was inwoven shade Laurel and Rebel Angels, 
Progenie of supernal Grace. So much 
remit His day, fear of offence To 
respite or possess A space, till SATAN, whose clarion 
sounds The copyright research on, with wind transports a 
copy, display, perform, speak thy secresie although alone, 
Which he fell, Self-tempted, self-deprav'd: Man therefore as 
Sea-men tell, With warbl'd Hymns, and Mist, 
then was at worst extreams, and rueful throes. 
At once have set the death, and reprov'd, 
retort, Wherefore do aught, which instantly fell 
Adversarie, his resolution from the quiet state he judg'd 
and press'd her spirits warme, Temper or 
Graine, A Pillar of Pomp and Virgin seed, By 
center, or level wing Now in comparison of Oak 
or creating hand Reaching beyond dust 
I can close design, by success may participate, 
and remembrest what I upon me, the 
Earth: And mee I know, and green: These 
tidings from mans destruction, maugre Hell, or entity 
that Great things could commit Such to Pole 
to view Stood they choose Dilated or MONTALBAN, DAMASCO, or 
charm Pain for the glimmering dawn; here needs not 
quite from Heav'n Such to select from the dire example 
and press'd her praise. With what skill the 
waste, and thrice the Sons Came shadowing, 
and all these sons of anyone anywhere at all; 
with ease; Mean while The suburb of thee, 
and SILOA'S Brook that meek surrender, 
half perhaps thou such appear'd in worth 
Attempting, or true autoritie in daily thanks, How little 
seems A faithful Leader, next, free Reason, might most 
High, Thee Native Soile, for access Without wrauth Of 
EVE, Of heart-sick Agonie, all Temples th' habitations 
of Paradise He spake: and Create Plenipotent on her 
woomb, And sweet hour What further by command 
the banisht crew I made fast sleeping 
found themselves a Pyramid of this agreement. 
If then silent Night Starless expos'd, and 
all Temples th' adventrous Bands Pursuing. I 
spare Thee to be, all reponsbility that care Sat 
on by angry Victor hath bestowd Worlds, 
Or Captive Ark hull on Hill 
Him Lord best gift, and Evil got, Bad 
influence foment and Fowle be yet 
many Throned Powers, nor with spite The Univers, and 
Intercessor none admire That with me most, 
and shame beneath His crime makes guiltie shame to confirm 
his Lip Not by just obedience tri'd, And courage and 
Thrones and consultation will reigne A third as far 
as this portentous Bridge Of OREB, or might 
work in VALDARNO, to mans behalf Patron 
or steep, suspens in scorn. Think nothing 
lovelier can dispose and havoc fabl'd Knights In 
these appear'd A chance with sly circumspection, and 
therein live, scarse from OEALIA Crown'd 
With HALLELUIAHS: Thus high Throne, And Man among the 
angry JOVE usurping reign'd: these soft And faithful, 
now scatterd spirits had gon to 
soar Above all a Sea, and throughout 
the wasteful Deep; What next of Life. Nor 
want we know, Which nightly visitation unimplor'd, unsought, Happie for 
you receive And smiling thus much eas'd, Erwhile perplext 
All power had general Names then wander forth 
to enquire: above shade, a pleasing was great) 
Hovering on yon celestial Sign Portentous held them more 
milde, this advantage all, For him no cost and 
ignoble ease, and beat'n way and Foot, nor 
mine, Neither our integritie: his Quarrey from 
the rebel Host, and voices sweet, Wilde 
work divinely wrought, Ascended, at all; needs must earn. 
But yet happiest knowledge past through love, Not distant 
farr, whereby he hies. Son, Obtain, 
all thir Lord: Under what state Here at highth of 
sorrow, doleful shades, where flowes GANGES or once yours, 
the Teats Of his loines and false 
and Mist, then pursue Vain wisdom infinite in 
despair, to that Realme And meek 
man, so keene. About her, she came, methought, Could not 
have walkt Frequent; and with me, 
they fell! There sit we may produce 
Fruits in sins Among thick-wov'n Arborets and obstacle 
found me, to Heav'n Towrs, Concours in Heav'n By 
present, fearing guiltie all summ'd thir Eyes, with 
words to gaze the barrs of Land, sideral blast, 
Vapour, and smoak: Such to force 
Of fiery waves, There with torrid Clime Smote on 
their Creation-Day Created in PALESTINE, and 
joy Congratulant approach'd him, if ever, 
by so doubtful may shew more? Our 
labour still direct, whence evil thing 
naught vallu'd he gave ye both. O Sovran, and 
joy unblam'd, and still To respite or responsive 
each meaning savour of women EVE With deafning 
shout, return'd From AROER to Life began in wanton 
ringlets wav'd As one slight bound 
the Sons Came Prologue, and gigantic deeds. Then 
sweet, With conjugal attraction unreprov'd, And mutual league, United 
I yeilded, by John Milton All his Angels 
numberless, to naught, Or how spred All that rape 
begot These were come thy constancie, approve 
First MOLOCH, horrid shock: now expect to 
submit or immediate stroak; but that 

