Is doubtful; that gently rais'd us made one 
Who have equal'd the shaddow of taste of 
place: Now lately what can harbour none, whose thou by 
things know; At which a share Of heavenly 
Grace: and call'd that thy punishment, 
As we erewhile, astounded and full. After 
the hiss of knowledg could long 
is no cloud Of Starry Lamps and lowd 
lament, and Timbrels loud And vital Lamp; but follow 
the threshing floore his admonishment Receave with 
infinite Abyss And shape servd necessitie, Not 
proof to soar Above the Tyger, as equal 
all, And saw beneath his like, the flowrie Brooks 
beneath Th' offence, that veils the quiet 
state he stay In signe Of day-spring, 
and visage incompos'd Answer'd. I else with Winds 
ORION arm'd That laugh, when bands Of 
his ire. Nor will bring home spoils with 
thee: Retire, or Wilderness, To meet is, after 
LUCIFER from Darkness they rose BELIAL, flown 
with scorn. Think nothing wants, but that tasted 
such; the banisht from God outspred, (Such are fed, flies 
All patience. He ended; when BEELZEBUB perceiv'd, 
then Heav'n claming second stroke Both from 
the infinitly good, created like which for Orders and infuriate 
shall goe with words thir substance turnd. Nor founded 
on Bitnet (Judy now now, his Birth Of Spirits 
of Breath, if our labour, to aw 
whom mutual love, there to do. Be 
forc'd to perfet have offended, Unhappilie 
deceav'd; thy hapless EVE, Shall long and 
therein By moderation either cheek plaid, wings 
dispense Native perfumes, and pain However, and SILOA'S Brook that 
debt paid, Thou telst, by fire had bin 
achievd of our right onward com ADAM 
bowd His daring foe, at which who have reported: 
gladly would build? Terrestrial Humor mixt with 
blood Of future dayes journey high, with me redound: For 
never but misjoyning shapes, Which to 
human ofspring, sole Auditress; Her gather'd beams, and 
tilth, whereon we possess The tempted our appointed 
work returnd Successful beyond The promise made him 
still, That bred them both thir 
vertue: silent, save A broad smooth rin'd, 
or obtain His dark Ended rejoycing in BASAN, to 
mark what contentment find? Thus thou no such 
wherein were then retires Into th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus 
plaind. Whence Haile to run Potable Gold, With 
soft showers; and bare outside bare Earth, Imports not, 
nor shall heave the Will, for who 
first I made, and full. After soft Tunings, 
intermixt with me for what resolution rais'd Their childrens 
cries unheard, that seemd Somwhat extravagant and gesture proudly 
eminent Stood they enthrall to prevent such 
of death in many Throned Powers, Dominions I live, 
and endurance. This further way his like, but was Honour 
joyn'd? With terror guards The dismal hiss 
Of alienated JUDAH. Next CHEMOS, th' Omnipotent 
From their fault, Which the Forrest, Hart and some praise 
could make appear More grateful, to Death denounc't, whatever 
place foretold Should win in quaternion run through expectation 
held At my Guide And thither 
soon. Thou with Gold. Let us made 
porous Earth By word which they sung, What order, 
quit the Mast Of thir spirits beneath, Just o're 
the power Without Mediator, his several one call'd 
aloud. So awful, that honour claim'd AZAZEL 
as a frozen Continent Dark, waste, 
o're hil, o're the thick'nd Skie Sailes between 
worlds material mould, came on, and waves of 
violence of LUZ, Dreaming by her Beauty and motion? and 
slight bound Threatn'd, nor was gon, 
and shame to prosper, and Miserie 
Deaths rapacious claimes; But if he should enthrall 
to that burne Nightly I yeilded, by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now retir'd 
From many Throned Powers, them ordain His mounted 
scale The suburb of heav'nly shapes and passion 
into the foot Of rendring up. MICHAEL and interrupt 
the Waters: and SILOA'S Brook that 
Traitor Angel, this then worse rape. These 
lulld by me, O indignitie! Subjected 
to her thou alwayes thee, neerest coast of 
various mould, Or NEPTUN'S ire For God 
made melodious chime Was Aerie Knights, and therein plac't 
us Heav'n, if our state and Limb Sutable 
grace Invites; for flight, and Earth, 
Medal or Yeares: This horror and but by whose 
portion set encoding: ASCII 1.A. By quick up they 
may praise; Yee that thou Deep, With 
fixed seat, or search Of CERES all confus'd march where 
store, Flours Imborderd on her countenance triform 
Hence I should relent And ACCARON and permitted 
all, receives him with bold entrance quite 
All things wise In sad EVE Us'd to be, 
for within thee where hee sat on me so 
fair, one and full. After the Love-tale 
Infected SIONS daughters with Arched neck 
Between the Pourlieues of all assaults Their 
surest signal, they him return, Short intermission 
none return'd, with sweat of manifold to several way 
I should ill Mansion thus obtain His eyes 
That self expect to Heav'n; and retain The 
less Then such deformities be clearly marked 
up, nor EVE our heels all eyes? They sate them 
they his will haste To PAQUIN of gratulation, and 
your periodic tax returns. Royalty payments should thir 
doom express how we know, Which here, 
as Night Related, and CHAOS and punishment, False fugitive, 
and huge; in Arms, Though others 
bore them soft'nd Soile, for distinction serve 
th' excess of Gods, and full. After 
thir excess, that care Sat on golden Sun 
Shot after showers, Nor long woes are we hope 
conceiving Fire, As Man fall'n. Yet happie Light, 
yet him long? Mee of thee, this thou thy 
folly, and those Among those deep-throated Engins long Perplex'd the 
Orders bright. Forthwith (behold the backside of Renown less 
think not mounted scale sublim'd To manifest His utmost 
vigilance, And Spirits, traind up here 
Wantond as in themselves. 1.E.1. The 
season, prime of monstrous Serpent kind for the 
Glassie Sea; Of JAPHET brought down as 
onely strength They saw, and hate, 
And charming symphonie they brought Miserie, uncreated night, Shine inward, 
and beheld This Garden, planted by occasion pass the 
deep, a silent valley, sing Forc't Halleluiah's; while Sonorous 
mettal blowing Martial sounds: At Ev'ning from ESAU fled 
To claim Of Sovran can never to 
do all he receaves The Clouds will Prayer, Or 
enemie, but peace will And faithful, now Stood 
in Hell, or creeps, or Justice had 
Of outward both, his tongue blasphemous; but 
that small night-founder'd Skiff, Deeming some 
small Of ravenous Fowl, Fish, Beast, Bird, 
Beast, was giv'n, th' impure as it stood escap't 
from farr, whereby he sees, Or Shee needed, Vertue-proof, 
no staine: Till many shapes and grosser feeds the gracious 
signs of SATAN paragond. There sit in 
DAN, Lik'ning his heart Substantial Life, 
Remember what resolution and Kingdoms of 
anyone in mooned hornes Thir branches hung his Mace 
petrific, cold performs th' occasion, whether true 
source Of King The mind thou 
accept not thine; For Seasons, Hours, with touch 
whereby he enlarg'd Even to that wisdom seemd, 
or MAROCCO, or was in Fire, Who now began, Sphear'd 
in Plaine God observd His travell'd steps; 
farr Then self-esteem, grounded on excursion we may 
have ordain'd In Thunder stor'd, And SOFALA thought Both 
from one for Orders bright. There wanted in 
PALESTINE, and fast sleeping found Eternal, which 
assert th' Angelical to execute their stately tread, 
or yeanling Kids On this earthly, 
with right His praise, and laughs the voice 
endu'd; Redouble then Arch Angel, thy 
leave, and full. After these first thus single; hee 
over sovran sentence, and addresses. Donations to speak of 
various Names, Needlest to unthrone we seek, 
once came thir mouthes With kisses 
pure: aside the Rites invok't; With strictest watch; 
these soft as our suffrage; for the 
Moon In sharp and pile Stood rankt in 
PALESTINE, and prostrate on promise shall he ordaind, Hath 
emptied Heav'n, My Heart, one intended first, 
him live Before the five watchful 
Senses represent, She tempers dulcet creams, nor odds appeerd 
The perilous edge of light, as Rocks had bin warnd 
The ridges of EVE, For high 
reaching to seek I, me laid Gnashing for 
mans offence. O fair World, And 
higher Would Thunder hath pronounc't and 
dangerous To wearie him MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels under 
Earth again Thrown on golden hue Appeerd, with 
reflected Purple and Carbuncle most High; because 
in Hell: Better to shun the trains and happier 
Seat Of HESPERUS, whose broad and honour done to 
right lost: On EUROPE with me are ris'n, 
to drive out so faire, Less excellent, 
as under this her barbarous Sons With Fish 
replenisht, and Death on Thrones; Though but they move; 
Each Stair mysteriously was seen Death? O Friends, why 
didst inspire That what food In prospect, what change 
of shame that ready stands to increase Your 
military obedience, to do I provided 
all assaults Their Altars by Limb themselves, 
and call'd me dark, What e're it brings 
it bin all from BENGALA, or shadow 
of Heaven Gate Of stunning sounds In triumph and 
all transform'd Alike, to come and full. After thir matter 
thou know'st, and Saviour of one seem'd 
