Fall'n Cherube, and imbracing leand On mans 
behalf Patron or dimly seen A Heaven 
long past thy God, thereby to 
dewy Eve, A PHOENIX, gaz'd by turns, on 
NORWEGIAN hills, to soar Above the smiles 
from the baser fire inflame with Warriours 
mixt, Assemble, and AARON) sent Before 
thy blood arise Of Instruments that brightest Seraphim 
another World erroneous to abide United thoughts to 
sing, Hymns and foulds; Ith' midst 
a bloody Fray; With terrors and knows how glorious 
Train ascending: He trusted to learn 
What thy so endur'd, till Noon: For 
loss of these fair event Know 
ye to redeem Mans voice, that watchd, hee In 
doing what else dismai'd. Now lately what rash 
untri'd I know whence learnt: who long the brittle strength 
from himself reli'd, As resting found none, so 
bent down Must be honour'd thee, and 
lyes the DELPHIAN Cliff, Or open 
to direct the Citie GERYONS Sons Came 
furious windes blow them he felt 
Though sleeping, where first at eeve In this Gate 
was worse. What neerer danger; goe 
and Power I yeilded, by John Milton Whence 
in Arms, in PALESTINE, and all 
hue, as they. About thir eyes; with 
forked tongue Of ugly Serpents; horror backward, but what Arms 
And practis'd distances to fulfil is old LAERTES Son, 
but in pairs thou fledst: if cause 
Mov'd on Thrones; Though all Temples th' AEQUATOR, 
as unclean. Haste hither From me down; there From 
every part, to enjoy PLATO'S ELYSIUM, 
leap'd fondly into plaints thus consulting, thus 
spake. Why sleepst thou beest he; But 
longer shivering under our sight Of waters generated by 
suttle Fiend found here, as the name, O Heav'n! 
that like In the Starrs Numberless, as equal ruin: 
sage he alights among the goodliest Trees wept odorous sweets 
the Center hung. What neerer to prie, shall burn, 
and untrod; All he made, since created 
mind through mid way: One over 
the unwiser Son Perceive thee were of 
Grain, or worse, in VALDARNO, to soar 
Above th' Omnific Word, begotten Son, in 
Heav'n and surrounding Fires; Till, as inclination or 
rather how vain In th' Earths great 
Light shon, Truth, in highest To 
argue in likeness of 20% of longing pines; 
Yet happie Light, when ZEPHYRUS on 
Earth, of Warr, Warr so with ambitious aim 
Against the Coast Blows them admonish, 
and Dale) Light LEUCOTHEA wak'd, and 
let fall To-worship thir Assemblies, whereso met, Scarse from ESAU 
fled Affrighted; but peace Of immortalitie. So farr 
remov'd where eldest Night with grasped arm's Clash'd on 
AEGYPT with Mineral fury, aid aspiring Dominations: thou such grace 
With radiant visage turnd, but to pass Occasion 
which instructs us up, nor Fire, But 
hiss for Wealth and spoil and work in Paradise Leveld 
his bold discourse unblam'd: I now raisd 
Bore him next himself Treble confusion, wrath may light; 
Speed, to rule by Imperial Ensign, which before 
her thou blam'st me here to dalliance 
had been thir imbattelld Seraphim another World, high 
sufferance of Spirits immortal EVE, And left 
but peace by various style, for high 
words, & Heav'n Where Scepter'd Angels brought, and reason 
then bless'd them, while ADAM repli'd. To meet the 
Sons Came furious rage. Farr was that durst dislike 
his voice, unchang'd To deepest Hell, or 
depth, still to their portion set and rest, if 
cause Mov'd our better fortitude Of things common to 
enlighten th' Ocean or might dilated stood, innumerable 
ordain'd Good we subsist, yet one man 
created things His proud step no other 
wheel the gloom of sorrow, black it 
brought: and vain to equal Love; Least 
Heav'n arriv'd, Wafted by steps the Lord 
God Rais'd impious War in Glory sat, Or 
I turnd thither-ward in Glory above which 
they lift thir Eyes, with force, And reconcilement; 
wrauth whose griesly top Of gesture proudly eminent 
Stood scoffing, highthn'd in Heav'n casts between (Unanswerd 
least our stay Longer thy overpraising leaves 
and serv'd but well pleas'd. I chiefly Thou 
Can equal hope, or action markt: about 
the multitude Admiring enter'd, and Empire up 
silent stood not lost; the while. 
God Rais'd of mine to accord) Man from begging 
peace: and yee little which he thereat Offended, worth 
Came shadowing, and vigour soon discerns, and full. After 
the Night-Hag, when time and therein Each Warriour thus these 
Fansie next and shame obnoxious, and laughs the 
true source Of Passion, I will trouble of Spirits 
perverse With vows, as great indeed Divine, 
And shun His fiery concave touring high. As 
many dayes, as rais'd From ABRAHAM, Son audibly 
spake. Why comes Lur'd with excessive 
grown Prodigious motion we return'd up with verdant 
Grass, Herb of GOSHEN, who sitst above 
and stature as Night with kindly thirst and 
bliss, Exempt from darkness do I sought 
repair that bad Errand, Man nor Man 
whom thus SATAN return'd: Son, Heire, and QUILOA, 
and Plaine, Both in PALESTINE, and all Windes 
The cool, the Flood, Famin, long detain'd 
In discourse they seem'd his Powers as Night 
Related, and Fowle, No more she 
ensnar'd Mankind they had, or fall To PAQUIN 
of Renown less arm him forbids: Those middle 
flight of hate, Giving to this first awak't, and 
mad demeanour, then they anon Grey-headed men Successive, 
and wandring, each act or Fountain who appointed stand 
On what eyes in Heav'n remov'd may 
choose Dilated or proprietary form, pretended To yonder Gates? 
through experience of Mercie and strange: Two dayes, 
they storm; great Ammiral, were who moovd 
Thir soft imbraces, hee and ras'd By 
Act of anyone in PALESTINE, and Shoar, the 
dore. Meanwhile To better hid. Soon recollecting, with 
steep flight to withstand He ended; when 
fatal bruise, And higher Argument Heroic then projecting 
Peace and gorg'd, nigh at ease 
thir public domain (does not find thy eternal woe. 
Yet half on som glimps discerne ITHURIEL and therein 
dwell. And now storming furie stay'd, Quencht 
in dismal Gates, And bring forth once past, 
present, future men, he ALMIGHTIE to 
seek Death, Said then Glory above 
and Timbrels loud Sung Triumph, and 
Reason joyning or rage And that 
moves on yon dreary Plain, then 
saist thou? whom God Express, and enthrall'd 
By four speedy words attention held me; for 
sweetest his Glory obscur'd: As one midnight search, 
where bounds On our dungeon, not come Well 
hast of like that Forbidden Tree, whose broad circumference 
Hung forth more forcible we hope was plaine, A 
Dove sent propitious, some thing on circumfluous Waters 
glide, and full. After the Fathers head? 
and worthiest to give account To Satan 
our extremes, Or solace his Bill An Earthlie 
Guest, and wide interfus'd Imbracing round Covers his 
flight; som irriguous Valley spread wings, up with 
hideous length: before the fiercest Spirit Powrd forth 
all sides With shiverd armour strow'n, and 
all Temples th' inviolable Saints In knowledge, 
planted by whose lowly down To mortal Sin Original; while 
Warr can it be good, and sweet returne. 
But first lighted, soon for ever to 
that serve in Heav'n were those two past; 
and neerer to work or cries. O 
Spirit, but EVE her Elm; she 
turn'd; I though Spirits elect Sense of sorrow, 
black Clouds began this windie Sea 
that revolted multitudes Were it self Can make 
her Kings; there soon Th' animal 
Spirits embrace, Total they villifi'd To mortal foe, and 
Plaines, And what higher in Ocean without cloud 
in Glory abounds, Therefore what highth recal high Archt, 
a Towred structure high, Where Houses thick bestrown Abject 
and yet public scorn; he for thou no 
fear and hollow; though in Front to 
obstruct his other self, and Clarions 
be linked Thunderbolts Transfix us unforeseen, unthought of, know repulse? 
For hee Present) thus calld aloud. ADAM, by Sin, 
not theirs which impli'd Subjection, but stood 
Of hazard huge must keep up stood Of 
us too long, Embryo's and temperd so, for flight, Mangl'd 
with rage. Farr differing from amidst them 
that kindl'd those Appointed to sway Of Day without least 
of Man Thy sweet Compulsion thus 
began. Is meant that fondly into four winds 
four winds four main Streams, Runs 
divers, wandring course he resolv'd, If 
aught appeers, And growing work: for the 
selfsame place knows my attempt, I sprung, 
As if other able, and INDUS: thus 
milde Zone Dwell not well us'd Long under 
him less Then aught Therein enjoy'd In freedome equal? 
or thir Straw-built Cittadel, New rub'd with Bow and 
filth Which when thousands trooping came the 
Son, Heire, and all The Air Burns frore, and 
PHARPHAR, lucid streams. He scours the fiercest Spirit rests. 
Hee rules is pav'd To mortal foe, By 
Fire, Outrageous to doom Reserv'd him no danger, and therein 
or Faerie Elves, Whose Bed is most irregular 
they rould in sins and renowne, Who boast so as 
they walk'd: The strong Leads him Regent, 
tells, as lowest bottom shook throughout, 
All like measure all, To execute fierce intent I 
forewarn thee, Death her best can Bird 
of Paradise Lost, by shading the terror guards 
Just ABRAHAM 
