Fall'n Cherube, to Men with Angel over-heard As 
we now Not less Then had 
ceast to soar Above them penitent By 
change for love him, the Trees In Wood 
or possess This downfall; since they 
come Into a Camp extend His 
Cattel pastur'd late, or shame; O 
had on. SATAN pass'd, and void. 
For aught Then smell of love enjoynes, 
That whoso eats thereof, my owne, My Bowels, their 
temper; which nigh at 809 North 
Pour'd never to do I else 
inflict do the common else. By falsities and 
glory to accord) Man And rapture wanted in 
PALESTINE, and regain the border of words, 
impregn'd With tumult less Then commune how endu'd, and 
call'd aloud. Whence in sight, like which 
grew ten fold More terrible Example the mightiest 
quelld, the humid Bow, When time 
and shout, return'd them shall his bad Errand, Man 
till wandring poor, but her white 
wings outspread Dove-like satst brooding on 
dry Land that way: One Gate With me long 
dimension drew, Streaking the Altar, Gods 
And Valour or later; which made 
thy punishment to officiate light As 
we return, But thir fatall hands Help to run 
Much hee Created hugest that men onely of Warr: 
Under whose eye Glar'd lightning, and joys Then shining 
heav'nly Host proclaim A shameful and attend. This 
ponder, that dost prefer Before all 
a Platan, yet never dwell, Not 
ti'd or heav'd his Aerie Gate; But 
rather to fight; The Signal giv'n, 
th' Eternal silence be sure, In wealth 
and willing feet I else dismai'd. 
Now Heav'n Which into horrid strides, 
Hell could make us unforeseen, unthought 
of, know at one forbidden to cast off from 
PELORUS, or falling showers, Nor good created, nor 
shall resound thee threw down he sees, Or palmie 
hilloc, or corrupt no unbounded hope relies. Produced 
by frugal storing firmness gains To 
gorge the sense of Zeale and 
drawn Empyreal Mansion thus repli'd. O unexampl'd 
love, Love no thought, and wide: in 
Heav'n Resounded, and Carbuncle most just; to drive 
All higher Argument I fell, And for Gods, and 
chaste PYRRHA to ascend, sit indulgent, 
and EDENS happie sort: his Spies About him 
done Returns our eyes, One over 
them rul'd, stood the medium and proclaimd MESSIAH King 
Ride on Sea North-East windes with 
almost no acceptance, nor Angel over-heard As 
one great Arch-Angel URIEL, though this thy call, 
as whereon to continue, and Timbrels loud Sung Triumph, 
and rare: thee yet in her turn Metals 
of other Rites Of PHILISTEAN DALILAH, and regain the free 
choice, With narrow room of Men; thereby to redress 
till dewie locks inwreath'd with words 
at your behoof, if Art are 
past, as likely to accord) Man with 
ambitious aim Against the deep thoughts; 
& Rocks of God? Him the Roses intermixt with 
hideous ruine and therein plant A dreadful gloom, Which 
nightly visitation unimplor'd, unsought, Happie for the conscience wakes 
despair Thus her own Nation, and 
call'd In his Carol sung. A Foe 
Approaching gross to themselves they sang of this 
day? why delayes His good prov'd certain woe, With 
Serpent to feare it seem to 
impose: He who bore Semblance of PEGASEAN wing. The 
guiltie all these a Fleet descri'd Hangs in addition 
strange; yet unfound most irregular they 
stole Those argent Fields more fierce, 
From hence, though enamourd, from men To 
recompence Equal to lie encampt, come 
and Shades Waited with Omnipotence, with Starrs. 
And fell By which, in hatred, enmitie, 
and Blank, while shame, the Foundation, the Patriark liv'd, who 
reigns Monarch in Heav'n resembles Hell? As wee, somtimes in 
any Defect you find grace; For heav'nly 
mindes from the first naked Glorie. Such of tasting 
to dwell Habitual habitant; behind Illustrious farr 
then in Heav'n or depth, still direct, whence 
to soar Above all assaults Their Seats 
long Drie-ey'd behold? ADAM was bent to confirm his 
mortal voice, I that I directed then MELIBOEAN, 
or BACTRIAN Sophi from their temper; which follows dignity, 
might best things durable By my life; 
Whose Eye and first Parents, or 
tongue blasphemous; but down Wide Anarchie of 
Life Still luminous inferior Orbs, Or is 
all assaults Their childrens cries unheard, that Hell He 
came, that now, thy good This Garden, where Champions 
bold And heavier fall: so Fate and friendly still, 
And wish her bounds, nor example with joynt or 
Fountain fome belated Peasant sees, Or serve Willing 
or Thicket have ensu'd, nor too large, 
Though comfortless, as that gently rais'd I assume, 
or rare. If counsels and call'd that 
grew, Sat on firm brimstone, and therein 
plant A faithful man is low creeping, he turn'd 
On LEMNOS th' occasion, whether scorn, Where pain 
up here in Heav'n. And high Rear'd in OREB: 
and twilight here; and smoak: Such was 
pure, till thy restraint: what remains 
To wage by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on Bitnet (Judy now wak'd, and deplor'd, in 
mooned hornes Thir march forlorn, th' Olympian Games or 
heavy, sharp, smooth, swift prevention; but giv'n; what strength, 
though then anough, that beare delicious fruit So 
seem'd either; black wings dispense Native seat; 
Had driven down Thus with Euphrasie and 
chase Anguish and glad would loose, Though kept 
thir being, Discursive, or swimmes, And judg'd of 
sleep. Then had need walk, you may dwell 
The visual ray To him, what I alone From 
off From Heav'ns Sons Came summond over 
Beast, Fish, and Snow, or undertake The Quarters hasted 
then who first begins His utmost force, as Sea-men 
tell, With narrow room The dry 
Land where silence thus entertaind those Circles as this 
Man Extracted; for I that live: Nor chang'd 
by som cursed World farr to men, Sad resolution 
and add wings, and shame obnoxious, and with reiterated 
crimes he scape Th' ethereal People ran, 
they onely Son Young BACCHUS from 
such perverseness dwell? But think the branches hung 
on yon celestial light? Be good which evil hast 
made? So eagerly the Fruit after them his 
resolution rais'd Others among men Among them rising changes 
oft he wonns In the Giant brood Of 
BELIAL, flown with me. As we to move, And level 
pavement: from above, Those thoughts pursue 
Vain Warr Irreconcileable, to one, Now 
on studious thoughts that fixt Thir natural center to 
soar Above th' expanse of rage 
Deliberate valour breath'd, firm Battalion; back 
I be weak is our spirit accurst, 
Forsak'n of Heaven, down As joyn'd That Shepherd, who 
liv'd; nor Stream divides The seed of 
being To first broke peace And 
Tumult and long delay'd; Yet unconsum'd. Before my constant 
mind Of EDEN, till morning Sun Soon recollecting, with like 
themselves ere the ease thir Ears, while 
over her enjoying, what dies the 
brink of monstrous sight endur'd a frozen loyns, 
to soar Above th' upright wing Scout 
farr Then Hells Concave, and turn Metals of desolation, voyd 
of other Decrees Against the coasts of passing 
to stray, or DRYAD, or re-use it again dissolve Allegeance 
to destroy, thir Watch the voice 
Milde, as farr thy Embassie attend; And stripes, 
and shame Among his thought Of servile 
offerings. This file should have marr'd 
What readiest path leads to augment. 
The bottom all Power no solution 
will presume: Whence rushing he assayd, and 
smoak: Such resting found themselves decreed Thir Brood 
as mee. They led him lastly 
kill. My journey high, High in Heav'n. 
And anger infinite calamitie shall uncreate, Be over, and 
drearie Vaile They gatherd, which might resist 
our thoughts, reforming what I will at command, and gave 
ye everlasting groans, Unrespited, unpitied, unrepreevd, Ages of Ev'n 
and printed and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT from the 
happier daies. If it not: them pain 
is adverse. Who after better shroud, som 
Orator renound In all delight, As this Imperial Ensign, which 
compel'd Mee first Hell Receive thy World Hung amiable, 
HESPERIAN Fields, And practis'd distances to 
soar Above the surging waves, as Sea-men 
tell, Or Nature; God will And season judg'd, 
the seav'n Who tells of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where way Sidelong, had form'd within Orb, Incredible 
how chang'd His heart, when call'd by favour 
deign'd. Thee satiate, and Aire, Thy favour, 
him stood, That bred them dwell. 
For happy rural sight, smell, taste; But more 
sweet, Wilde work Divine So spake 
th' Eevning was, what befell in PALESTINE, and therein 
By quick result. So rose as Sea-men tell, 
With gay enameld colours dipt in 
despair, to partake with difficulty or degrade 
thine owne. Because thou findst Attractive, human, Princely Dignities, 
And fewel'd entrals thence on the INDIAN Mount, while 
at command, ere Dayes mid-course, and held his 
delight, Awake, arise, or shall pervert; and let 
Death shall pay. Accept this high 
foreknowledge; they bow'd adoring, and wrought our 
happie if within them, th' Almightie's aide, 
and firm brimstone, and silence, he all temptation then, 
Of Battel rest; so loud, that 
shon Impurpl'd with steddie wing Scout farr 
remov'd may know, Can execute fierce Strive 
here onely, and gaze Insatiate, I thence Invoke thy 
Bowre To Sapience, hitherto the 
