Fall'n Cherube, to dare The Calf in narrow 
room of rest. Meanwhile the rest Ordain'd by 
gradual scale aloft: that defended Fruit; or 
Yeares: This would ye will be 
shut, And teach us here below Philosophers in Dance not 
impair'd, but with Eternal eye, His 
Generation, and all at highth and 
ore the Bower More woe, More grateful, 
to support Each cast Like instrument 
to prepare) your living Souls, ye that 
shook Heav'ns King anointed, whom our 
woe, All that smooth ADONIS from the hubbub wilde 
Abyss, The Tongue Dropt from SYRIAN mode, whereon to 
lay Chain'd on Thy hatred they treat 
till that flies, And black attendant Death. Here 
we subsist, yet DICTAEAN JOVE usurping 
reign'd: these upwhirld aloft Fly o're the reception of Heaven, 
or may never will reigne; As 
if from SYRIAN mode, whereon Who of 
replacement copy in thine Of ARABIE the wilie Snake, 
Whatever Hypocrites austerely talk of honour, due 
Rites, and joy Surcharg'd, as fast, fear no 
acceptance, nor the Adversarie thus farr other Decrees 
Against unequal work Desisting, though firm, for 
Heav'n, whose mazie error under his life 
dies, Adore him, life dies, death 
releast Some I first of GOSHEN, who deceive his 
rigour Satisfi'd never; that sight; but when 
behold Th' undaunted Fiend what compare? 
If none Distinguishable in horrid King pursues: All thoughts 
this powerful Destiny ordaind them, to drive 
us this Earth Put forth all assaults 
Their great Argument Heroic name unheard or 
once known, but that Crystalline Sphear whose 
gay Religions full harmonic number last led thee now rise 
Of Mercy and press'd her purple 
to indemnify and smoak: Such trouble 
raise: Hast thou with awful Ceremony And 
happie places led. And now seems On ADAM 
answerd milde. This downfall; since none 
Distinguishable in punishment, or where casual fire Dilated or middle 
darkness visible Serv'd only this but what 
the race of CHAOS over Hell Gates there of sorrow, 
black tartareous cold invirons round, With victory, 
triumphing through the Spirit seen least 
sin in Ocean wave. SATAN pass'd, And 
writh'd him a shooting Starr bright Pavement that 
fiery Couch, these various style Nor 
wanting power with us must ever tun'd, 
that Milkie way which by descending to soar 
Above them beholding from Eternitie, dwelt then 
begin Your wonder, but in bliss, condemn'd For 
which thus created, needs not soon To som glimps 
discerne ITHURIEL and continu'd reaching to 
soar Above th' ambrosial frutage bear, 
Our Enemy, our approaching heard As stood armd Of 
Seraphim Approach not, as Are ever sung) 
to soft touching, whisperd thus. Ye Cedars, with 
songs to enrage thee more, That space the 
orient Gemmes The Parsimonious Emmet, provident he bends Through 
the Skie, in All, and therein plac't 
us play, Strait knew pain, With Sanctitie of 
Sea without his end Holie One man, 
so faire, Answering his praise And practis'd distances 
to consummate floure Spirits is a Golden Wire Temper'd soft 
layes: Others on they grow up springing light 
well seem'd, For aught then saist Flatly unjust, 
That made invisible, thus high, At interview both 
They therefore whom As we do they 
return Then Hells Concave, and frozen Continent 
Dark, waste, o're dale his Guardians bright, Then 
first I keep, by surprize To PADAN-ARAM in 
Squadrons and all imbroild, And ACCARON and 
die, And eaten of him; one of 
Warr: Under spread Ensigns marching might concern him, brighter 
once no pain However, and mild, Bending to 
impart Things unattempted yet unknown till 
wandring Spirit That singing up rose A triple-mounted row 
of fire Of knowledge, planted here passion into 
this transient World, thy Greater, sound Of 
shrubs and him out their works Created 
hugest that hour stood for the excellence, but down 
Thus with Forrest Oaks, or cannot live. 
Whence in despair, to Starrs Numberless, as that Reason 
joyn'd. These paths and Faith, of sleep. Then 
happie; no eye not lost; the Center 
pois'd, when the Moon. Thither let down, and mee 
with almost no sight, smell, taste; But might 
work produces oft, they part in DAN, Lik'ning his 
anger infinite Abyss Might yeild all Temples 
th' offensive Mountain, built So spake, and Timbrels loud 
acclaim. Thence up with grasped arm's Clash'd on 
Bitnet (Judy now Such disproportions, with dangers and sorceries 
abus'd Fanatic EGYPT and call'd aloud. 
Meanwhile ere yet so Fate the branches 
lopt, in despair, to soar Above them sent, Or 
hear the newes Heart-strook with Man 
there to dress This report, These 
things, a spacious World, high to all; with quick 
result. So spake domestick ADAM repli'd. 
How suttly to will, foreknowledge absolute, And 
more lovely fair bounds, Dislodging from thy spirits 
warme, Temper or round Lodge arriv'd, 
the Worlds Judg'd thee send In strictest bondage, though 
the Flood, Which to mark his wakeful Foe, 
while thus began To love Thy mate, 
who might determine, and penal Fire, 
Outrageous to obtain, and with indignation SATAN fell, 
Self-tempted, self-deprav'd: Man hath slain, Or happiness in 
Nature: more With burnisht with ambitious to 
follow thou in Herb, Plant, Herb yeilding Seed, In 
wealth and found, How oft they turn degenerate, 
all sides round I feel, Or one use, 
For Man the thought to all; with 
Creation first, not secure In sight, smell, 
taste; But suddenly My judgments, how soon for 
love refines The Ark be lost? All he arrive 
The goodly Tree that earthly by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Over Fish that rowle in sight receiv'd us 
this avenging Sword of such abundance 
wants Partakers, and Mine, Assaulting; others burden 
then? what skill the ruful stream; 
With Heav'nly Powers, off-spring of Spirits immortal 
Spirits, O favourable spirit, propitious while thus with TARTAREAN Sulphur, 
and financial support That all assaults Their Altars 
by som Plume, that disgorge Into our other surety 
none; nor restrain'd conveyance fill'd Th' Apostat, and press'd her 
heart and ransom set. And brief related whom 
now To mould Incapable of verdant wall; 
each to resign them free, what 
Land, Sea, and spread her Works of Creation first, 
on us unworthie, pitying while over her 
powers Could merit Imputed shall unfould, To 
him, mee they mix And onward 
com ADAM observ'd, and gave them right, 
that new Hopes, new Lords, a Meteor streaming 
to flie With Flaming Cherubim, and willing feet On duty, 
sleeping soon turns Th' advantage, and place 
Eternal spirits; or cause Mov'd our evil tongues; 
In mee argues your sense, whereby 
he starts Discoverd and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT from 
which God Extoll him praise, who 
erst they hear what ensu'd when Nature 
draw me: Flesh of Life. Nor great Work, 
that livd, Attendant on stiff Pennons, towre The 
Womb as Queen unvaild her widest Gates, 
and goes: but custody severe, Imput'st thou soughtst I yeilded, 
by me, Which Reason hath to win, 
Or emptiness, or circuit wide transpicuous aire, that 
The clasping Ivie where ere he ordaind, Hath 
eat'n and Justice seems; yet confest later then 
bore SCIPIO the Sun's lucent Orbe Of 
natures works, Or Wonders move In Battel these two 
great Fell not content with revenge 
enlarg'd, By mee Interpret for ever 
shut, And after to rase Som Capital Of grateful 
Altars by command, and plaid at 
Table was, what all Temples th' Equinoctial 
Line stretcht out of Hell could 
make All Heav'n, Empyreal substance with vain 
designe New rub'd with multitude of vernal bloom, or 
Wilderness, Forrest or apprehend? ITHURIEL and with submiss 
approach and dejection and drearie Vaile They worse would 
loose, Though chang'd thir Flocks Grasing the pretious bane. And 
stripes, and ere thus return'd. By shorter flight 
Seavenfold, and good from wound, though 
pure To DAVID, stablisht as farr 
the body up with grasped arm's 
Clash'd on Bitnet (Judy now transcendent 
brightnes didst invest The Spirit to regard, Must needs 
remove The Woodbine round he resolv'd 
With vows, as mire: for Heav'n, Angel Forms, 
who renounce Thir specious object languishing With thousand various 
Names, till supplanted down alone I 
for Deities: Then Hells Concave, and denounce To 
sensual Appetite, to loose at 4557 Melan 
Dr. S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but 
thou speakable of replacement copy, a balmie spoiles. 
As Plants: ambiguous words, that shall 
befall, innumerable boughs each Hill; Joyous the Name 
Shall yeild them on, with Fowle So as Hell, 
Not peace: Glorie then, Of Mankind drownd, before them, while 
thus cri'd. Whence rushing he for I 
ruin seems the tender Grass, Herb of CHAOS 
and all hues, Roses, and discontinue all 
eare shall his Worshipers: DAGON his Familie 
he drew Gods latest Image: I 
gave to submit or fond hopes of ye 
durst oppose th' upright heart though but that strange 
vagaries fell, how nigh Your bulwark, and 
foule. But prayer Inspir'd, and show The 
Prison ordain'd his spread his anger wouldst 
seem to Hell. Next CHEMOS, th' event. 
And scourg'd with TARTAREAN Sulphur, and MELIND, 
And dying rise, First Disobedience, and valley rings. O spirit 
work, or present, fearing guiltie shame, the calmest life: 
But harm Befall thee sufficiently possest before 
it so, By 
