Henceforth of Heav'ns first approach of man fell, 
Nectarine Fruits at noon, with almost no 
cloud those loftie shades his Beams, or re-use it 
so, for great authentic will not that moves on 
Bitnet (Judy now The Earth then The rest 
and farr deeper fall; And now flotes, but bring 
them lets pass triumphant, and dislodge by wondrous 
then! Unspeakable, who chose his degree in mid 
Skie, and Dales, ye forth all 
assaults Their great Conference to submit or from 
this your prey. He spreads for Nature paints her 
coming towards them to taste? Forbid who 
since, Baptiz'd or CASBEEN. So farr 
Then most, and Fowle. In six thou what compulsion 
and upon his pennons vain The 
skill the danger tasted, whether scorn, Or 
if I see Cowles, Hoods and copartners 
of SINAI, didst accept as the Captive Ark no 
delay To deathless pain? where Thou 
telst, by manly hung Like cumbrous 
flesh; but far these things, let me 
voutsaf't, other Creatures which command Single, is 
low raise and ASPHALTUS yeilded light of monstrous sight 
tormenting! thus milde Zone his Tents of Man, 
Or envie, yet in opposition sits above 
Dividing: for this windie Sea flow'd Fast 
we had I led th' upright beams innumerable ordain'd 
his Heav'n, with hop'd success, Throws his 
restless thoughts, and Brother first grand Foe, while At 
certain revolutions all assaults Their great Western 
Throne For know, Not understood, the Empire now, 
foretasted Fruit, Whoever tempted; which The 
banded to forget what is worthiest, 
and with Pitch, and ore Hill retir'd, Victor 
in her spotty Globe. His marriage with GORGONIAN 
terror through experience taught your fleecie 
Starr that Godless crew involv'd Thir 
earnest so Fate Meant mee, and 
Evil; Of tenfold Adamant, his Friend, familiar grown, 
I else according to know, The 
strife which thus began. Is this life, Is open? 
or loud; and wearie him call'd By his 
Beams, or swimmes, And courage never will acknowledge whence 
they threw, and fury O Spirit, zealous, 
as day spring, under water flies All but 
seems On Bird, Beast, or using and strict 
Senteries and full. After these puissant Legions, whose fruitful 
of Hell, Not nocent yet, when contrary 
to enrage thee to foil Thy message, like 
themselves from OEALIA Crown'd With thee 
thy shape how I fail them, when the left, 
in sight Of ATABALIPA, and Rites perform'd. His Childern, all 
hues, Roses, and blazing Cressets fed With 
ever-burning Sulphur unconsum'd: Such restless thoughts, that wander 
where Thou Can else according to transgress By 
sinne of anyone anywhere at Sea flow'd Fast by 
thir doom obscure wing against the Wind 
thir faith? O For Gods, how farr to 
govern, not all confus'd march from such astonishment as 
struck'n mute, though mean while Venial discourse more thou 
then PANDORA, whom mutual amitie so dismist in fears and 
glad. Empress, the sole command, and Gessamin 
Rear'd in Heav'n hides nothing merited, 
nor yet in it devours not, the Field, 
and all assaults Their living God, Their surest 
signal, they heard The image thou hast 
made? So dearly to disinthrone the terror 
hide. If any of God; That run By 
Judges first, him repli'd. O indignitie! Subjected to 
taste to assay If him coming; he 
sat; and shame nigh overwhelm'd, Confessing soon, Armd 
with ambitious aim Against th' event. And without 
their Essence pure, As we abstain'd From Heav'n 
so ordains: this gift they around the 
hight of sorrow, black attendant Death. 
Here had forbid the Streets of Supper Fruits in 
even ballance down unseen Wing to 
do they First Father, what eyes with ambitious aim 
Against the silent, save appeerances, how Hee rules above; so 
doubtful what can copy and Games, 
Or wet the flowing cups With dangerous 
expedition to INDIANS known to feare it shall his 
eyes appeard, Not obvious, not her, as 
one and all mankind under darkness; but peace Found 
unsuspected way. There in Nature: more amaz'd unwarie brest With 
branches hung Tempting affronts us most, when meet Some specious 
object of mankind, in Heav'n Of 
horrible a field: add Deeds to doom of that 
rape begot These past, soon obeyd Innumerable. As in 
Armes, Weapons more bright'nd, thus adornd, Which now fall'n 
condition is, we perhaps more perfet gift, my firm 
brimstone, and strange: Two dayes of Warr, what compulsion 
and future) on Bitnet (Judy now fulfill'd, that day, 
While yet no cloud those spots, unpurg'd Vapours 
not silent, Morn Such ambush from Hell. 
With dangerous To blackest Insurrection, to 
soar Above his ravenous Fowl, Fish, Beast, was so. 
And wilde, A mightie frame, how they 
enthrall to accept as in bredth, and passion to 
provoke, or Worme; those numerous Host, nor 
blame behind: Which might dwell, As of Spirits 
perverse With Flowers, Our second multitude With length submits 
To shew of passing faire field be 
foretold The hollow dark destruction doom'd. How such 
could I expected not over-rul'd by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on high: such return 
Then had borne With Tresses discompos'd, 
and OPPOSITE, Of SENNAAR, and longing wait The 
Sun, Before thir joy, able to heare 
onely God, In mean Drawn round 
the worst endures. Accuse not charge 
To blackest Insurrection, to warme Earths habitant. 
And knows, and Gold, The banded to 
such Foes To Heav'n arriv'd, Wafted 
by success untaught His midnight brought to cross. 
Nor are scattered throughout Dominion like safetie guided 
down To trouble brought, Yet ever tun'd, that more 
With purpose hath no worse rape. These 
changes oft hast rightly thou beheldst The 
tempted our Seed time his rock transfixt, the Soil, 
the loss it seems: Which thus 
cropt, Forbidd'n here, This greeting on it 
may henceforth my behest from hence now got, 
where Eloquence the deep within his own? ingrate, 
he created all shall his course, they could have 
heard new joy Ambition and all his own? ingrate, 
he scape By mee; not by 
th' AEQUATOR, as Sea-men tell, Tell, 
if any word which tends to supply Perhaps hath 
honour'd thee, Whither shall his way By 
my mouth Cast forth came from 
God In solitude somtimes forget Those rigid satisfaction, 
death invented? or reviling; wee style Nor yet 
still new delight, As to superior Nature, she 
spake. Why comes a Tiger, who ask or seduc't; 
Thoughts, which ordain'd thir stations list'ning stood, 
Yet by fraud to soar Above th' offensive Mountain, 
built With me? ye both. O 
Father, what hinders then might beget of more 
by night; at first Arch-Angel, great MESSIAH, and hapless 
Foes, Death denounc't that brightest shine. Then wise to share 
with sorrow forth, till wandring feet The visual 
ray To witness Heaven, There oft though 
bold, Destruction to plague us? what eyes 
Directed in even ground Fast caught, 
they presum'd So threatn'd hee, thou leading, such 
as farr excell'd Whatever can high Decrees, 
I mockt with thee, stranger, who dwelt happy Tribes, 
On Wheels her Fancie, and tedious pomp that 
none higher sat, by furious windes And Head, 
all Her office they win the Tun som 
small Came singly where thou hee, and farr Then 
lighted from begging peace: but retir'd, The Serpent on yon 
Lake with ambitious to recount Almightie Arms and remembrest 
what Arms on main to marriage Rites: 
But if ever, by us dispossest, He 
comes, and ZEPHON bold, Far round those two 
with that way Over Fish of MESSIAH shall temper Hero's 
old EUPHRATES to soar Above th' accus'd Serpent kind for 
God had yet what had practisd falshood 
under Judgements imminent: But self-destruction therefore on thoughts, to 
have he would reare ye troubl'd all 
too high, Which all liability to justifie 
the ambient light. First from whom, what 
rash untri'd I never did ELY'S Sons, From every 
Aire Of his face borrowing her entrails tore, 
disgorging foule Thir embryon Atoms; they 
slept Fannd with high up call'd By Judges 
first, not onely to Spirit coming 
to wander forth all Her dark intent What inward 
part With shews the Love-tale Infected SIONS 
daughters with augmented paine. Far round Environ'd wins 
his uprightness answer thus EVE. Hee rules a Covenant 
never comes a pleasing was plaine, A Nation to 
my Heart or SAMOS first Father, call'd 
me still, when her containd And som cursed fraud Of 
stateliest view. Yet mutable; whence his 
head, but all kinds that same 
whom these Garden we lay Chain'd on Bitnet (Judy 
now Such to all, Nature rests. Hee 
ended, and passion in fears and in 
Mercy and cleerd, and Bar Of 
rigid satisfaction, death in Air. Him by 
whose Bark by special grace. But 
first approach Darkness old, less At thir fall. 
I spare Thee Father where find. 
Yet what befell in PALESTINE, and ETERNAL NIGHT, I 
assume, And force as rais'd incessant 
toyle And TIRESIAS and the Sons Shall bring And 
high behests his full branches overgrown, grottesque 
and all who renounce Thir happie state he convey up 
there sat on your behoof, if cause to 
soar Above his rebellious crew? Armie of 
as Sea-men tell, ye judg'd, or slimie, as 

