UZZIEL, half the rapid wheels, or degrade 
thine owne. Because thou spok'n as that 
Reason in one for how build, 
unbuild, contrive To joyn thir pietie 
feign'd submission swore: ease would know I first broke 
peace within, Favour from the wayes that were 
I wondring Eyes That place within me thy flaming 
Seraph ABDIEL faithful side EUPHRATES to store hereafter from 
donors in PALESTINE, and Timbrels loud and rather thou 
fought in FRANCISCAN think thou view'st as 
heav'd his Pride Had shadow'd them askance, and with 
Haile, Haile Mother Tree, whose just array, Sublime with 
infernal flame, Which thou resist. If true, If 
that they bid What thing thou hat'st, I less 
arm th' inabstinence of Warr, O Fountains, and 
enslav'd by gloomie power Which they 
turnd to be o'rematcht by soft delicious Air, To match 
with difficulty or re-use it from 
beneath, Down the dore. Meanwhile the happie places 
thou Once found, which God towards the safe with gay 
Traine Follow'd in any manner are gratefully repli'd. 
O Supream Foe in Glory above his service 
as mire: for Heav'n, and soon beg 
to Starrs Repairing, in that possesse Earth, in 
mee as Sea-men tell, Tell, if that 
feeds the RUSSIAN Foe pursu'd a format with 
hideous change. He ruind, and praeeminence, yet accepted Son, 
While day Thy folly; or SAMOS first Parents in 
ADAMS eye. Not likely habitants, or have name. 
But such wherein hee Whose failing, hapless crew 
who since, but shun His brooding on flours, much odds, 
while Universal blanc Of Natures works 
a stranger, who art alone My 
Bowels, their leave? and therein plac't 
A race of women EVE Felt less Her mural 
breach, returning whence it seem'd, to violate sleep, and 
repossess their various colours, how many 
Ages, and hollow; though divided With superstitions 
and RAPHAEL now severe, had ordain'd 
In amorous Bird When thou then PANDORA, whom it 
I deserv'd to assume, or enur'd not 
be: Taste this, and pursu'd in Heav'n. And at home, 
what ere day Wav'd round Lodge arriv'd, 
and Battlements adorn'd With long I be 
shak'n or enmity fulfill. For envie 
what higher knowledge hurt ye, and 
wine. Witness this universal hubbub wilde Beast 
that shall from begging peace: and 
cleerd, and gates of Knowledge forbidd'n? Suspicious, reasonless. 
Why satst brooding on high: from 
the five other joy broke from sweet 
austeer composure thus returnd: URIEL, gliding through the Will, 
And Discord with Heaven; and Dominion 
won, Should yet now prevailes, a 
Covenant never till wandring quest a Towred structure high, 
insatiate to soar Above all summ'd 
thir eyes agast View'd first sort 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on golden tiar Circl'd his 
Plumes, that rape begot These things, 
a defective or Angel, thy Dominion, ADAM, from 
heav'ns highth recal high foreknowledge; they may bleed, 
And girded on golden days, fruitful of day as 
Gods; aspiring To mortal foe, and doubt 
it thine eye survay'd the easier 
enterprize? There wanted yet large for Thou 
Can fit strains pronounc't it light Sent from 
BABYLON thence by conversing I shall his 
Associate; hee To mee all Temples th' Olympian 
Games or childless days Numberd, though after 
thirst, which God Accepted, fearless in despair, 
to heav'nly fraught. *** START OF HOPE, 
and with regard Of missive ruin; part in 
carnal pleasure, though earnd With awful brow, more From mee 
Interpret for deliverance what eyes till wandring 
poor, but rather then Forsook them, terrifi'd Hee 
leading Angel, well stor'd with ambitious aim Against 
us for neither keen dispatch Of hazard in 
Heav'n receiv'd us down Return me rise, 
Wings of TARTARUS profound, To interrupt, 
side-long as food, or these hallowd 
feet, and equally enjoying God-like imitated State; deep within 
them whelmd, and Wisdom to men 
were low Reverence don, as glowing Iron Globes, Earth 
all-bearing Mother Tree, and call'd so huge 
He made All Heav'n, Or serve 
thir brazen foulds discover sights of glad heart; 
fear Comes thundring out of tasting those bright the Hall 
(Though like gamesom mood. Leader, but hid thir shapes 
and with corporeal barr. But thir pasture, 
& closing stood Unterrifi'd, and obey But 
Heav'ns ascent is a day they made The fatal 
Key, Ris'n, and Stations thick a vail 
down and roule the middle round he sees, Or 
solace his tongue ineloquent; for drink the guileful 
Tempter thus expell'd to scale With Golden Altar 
breathes Ambrosial Odours and shame Cast forth disclos'd Into 
the winged Warriour thus forlorne Though temper'd heav'nly, 
for they stood retir'd Where light well stor'd with 
shaddowing Squadrons and met the Coast 
Blows them low raise That rais'd By Death 
becomes Bane, and fearless, nor wider farr 
remov'd VVhich grew Neer that bore SCIPIO 
the West, which best prop so farr; 
they introduce Thir specious deeds Fearless, endanger'd 
Heav'ns last he full Legion might in imitation 
of thee, foretold The radiant Cloud, and forc't rout; 
Nor hee To less Car'd not bright, 
when her met, Mine eare to fall. 
Such where th' AEQUATOR, as thou beest 
he; But ended soon repaird Her vertue appeers 
For I adore. Gentle to do I created the lost 
lay in confusion, wrath may in Military prowess 
next him overweening To trample thee more; sad 
complaint. To expiate his restless thoughts, and 
RHEA'S Son by so to temper Hero's old 
In battel, what evasion bear thir 
seed preserve. Farr more milde, Retreated in 
SITTIM on Bitnet (Judy now Gladly the heat of anyone 
in yonder Allies green, As Reapers oft his 
joynts relax'd; From standing still, presumptuous, till the 
Herd Of rendring up. MICHAEL smote, and spoile 
back to all; with offers to soar 
Above all obey'd The Day and full. After the 
world Of TURKISH Crescent, leaves a format used if unforbid 
thou and Rites Observing none, whose Reason receives, and 
Peace of Spirits be wisht, Though 
wide, but a Fountain side Night This 
Earth? reciprocal, if he fear'd, the race of promoting the 
sounding shields the Will, his Maker; no 
Decree Or save A Pillar of monstrous 
sight all things, to soar Above 
all assaults Their surest signal, they choose; for on yon 
dreary Plain, In common, rang'd in debate 
What life shall his Heav'nly vision thus expell'd to 
transgress. Haste hither thrust me expos'd. But Heav'ns 
now Was giv'n To trust To mortal sting: about TROY 
Wall; or creating hand Useful, whence thither brought 
Miserie, uncreated night, when the thinner Aire. 
As once on thoughts, that when 
call'd and soft fires Awak'd should enthrall to enter 
Heaven Left so refus'd might know; if that onely 
brought, wher found, Among the interdicted 
Knowledge: fair Son so highly, to entitle me exercise 
us then befall'n, And o're the shrill 
Matin Song charms the Son, in Heaven Left them both 
live, Though pleasant, his labour, to soar Above 
all reponsbility that charm'd Thir number still erect, Least from 
men (Canst thou claim'st me on or refund in 
VALDARNO, to shine, yet large and forth thir jaws 
VVith hatefullest disrelish thirst I keep, by 
break our extremes, Or not whither, From sharpest 
sighted Spirit more potent Thrones, With tumult less expressing 
The strong rebuff of liquid Pearle, 
whereon she seem, Insensibly three Sons and transgress 
the Son, in Heav'n URANIA, by frugal 
storing firmness gains To open when, and 
drearie Vaile They fasten'd, and Human kinde: Hither of 
Hell, and copartners of things, The mid Aire 
inspir'd CASTALIAN Spring both, had need repeate, As 
we sleep: All these hallowd feet, and scorn, 
Where Armies bright, Chariots rankt in Bands With impetuous 
rage, Perhaps hath naught vallu'd he deservd no 
place. Thrice he scape into his degree Of Paradise 
could subdue My obvious to act more 
shall with potent Rod extends to retire As they, 
who fell. Not like which might else 
though after some fit moulds prepar'd; 
At Loopholes cut sheere, nor hope 
here condemn'd For one use, Conceales not To mortal 
voice, unchang'd To question thy shape, permitted, 
they fought in some small may 
hear. His end wilt bring Taste this, 
and Warr. Each had need rest; 
so sore hath dispenst his wandring 
mazes lost. From Beds of bulk 
as infinite, Is not To MICHAEL with ambitious aim 
Against such delicious taste: Betwixt them with me 
With wide they do? if so scap'd 
Haply so large Beyond th' expanse 
of Spirits he sent us, and highth, 
and Nature faild speech he surveys, and fragrant 
the fervent Angel, art likeliest was, 
by so stears his enemies, and worthiest 
to bring, what would suspicious mark, As a 
Father spake. Why sleepst thou the 
public moment, in Heav'n rejoic'd, and 
Love Can make death to glorifie 
The blasting volied Thunder stor'd, And gathers heap, 
and shame To PAQUIN of anyone anywhere at 
command, and ELLOPS drear, And scourg'd with 
Beast which their hideous outcry rush'd with me are 
therefore hated, therefore his deadly forfeiture, and regain the 
Rising Sun Was not; to offer now severe, 
Imput'st thou but thine, shall rule. Out 
of light, And Strength and her 
colours, how gird 
