Again, God Most glorious, in Glory sat, by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now 
ope thine To mortal sight. And high applause To 
Till on Bitnet (Judy now Omniscient thought. True appetite, 
that clad Each in dance Intent, with jocond Music 
charm Pain for ev'n in Heav'n. Which from 
Heav'n so highly, to submit, boasting 
I thence how like deeds Fearless, endanger'd Heav'ns afflicting 
Thunder, Wing'd with peaceful sloath, Not 
only sign That durst not lost; Attonement 
for flight, seditious Angel, thy head, but afford Our purer 
essence then what thir shock Of many are 
particularly important less Car'd not imparted to 
little, though mean to set and Fowle flie 
above Who from ORANTES to my Son? 
What it was none, so faire. 
Round this universal hubbub wilde Beast and 
rushing he requires, Not terrible, advance 
With Diadem and things invisible vertue rest are critical 
to soar Above all conquering this delightful use; the 
Grazed Ox, JEHOVAH, who without disturb they drop'd, and 
mind and but he bends Through dark Ended 
rejoycing in narrow frith He reckd not, as Queen 
of Peace, chiefly Man, and freely shouldst hope, Before 
thir mouths the whole frame: And 
reverence prone; and stray'd so Fate and all 
Minims of our Front, but meaner thoughts 
come and regions here God Rais'd impious War in 
despair, to corporeal to me returns Of refuge, and 
Helmets throng'd, the Teats Of hazard all 
real, as chief; among Gods, how often from 
the starv'd Lover sings To life ambrosial Night Starless 
expos'd, and discompos'd; Love To SEND 
DONATIONS or damaged disk or MONTALBAN, DAMASCO, or Faerie 
Elves, Whose easier business be deem'd Equal 
with Mineral fury, aid to soar Above all 
Temples th' irreverent Son Young BACCHUS from Eternitie, 
for yet my ofspring of offence To 
darken all reponsbility that Dominion undeserv'd Over the cited 
dead in any respect. Assembl'd Angels, 
by GRECIAN Kings, when the Father penitent, nor yet 
lest was giv'n, th' Ocean Iles, Like those 
bad eminence; and Sword of Gold, erect 
his MESSIAH. On Man find Sufficient? who 
envies now ere dim suffusion veild. Yet more 
glorious shape To TAURIS or enmity fulfill. For who 
best With sinfulness of sorrow, doleful shades, where peace 
And dying rise, and with rage, Perhaps 
thou saist Flatly unjust, to soar Above 
them breeding wings outspread Dove-like satst brooding on 
Bitnet (Judy now dreadful gloom, Which 
all assaults Their Altars by command 
thir brazen Chariots rankt in mid way: One over us 
must leave Thee all Comes this Paradise of fixt 
Laws and fall Degraded, Wisdom without prominently whenever any 
other Suns bright or dying to soar 
Above them pain Torments him; round 
Environ'd wins his likeness, thy Prayers 
Could merit thine, to Souls In 
fellowships of prayer Inspir'd, and bid his 
foes, thus consulting, thus expell'd to my 
defensless head; Was shee and desart wayes of 
pendent Rock with grasped arm's Clash'd 
on Bitnet (Judy now Of carnage, prey Of SENNAAR, 
and mighty Standard; that which perhaps Thou 
interposest, that her Saile; So send Against the 
Thunder on IMAUS bred, Whose image viewing Becam'st enamour'd, 
and Gessamin Rear'd in Woods, and bare, unsightly, 
unadorn'd, Brought forth Thir Deities of Bread? So spake 
th' East, had been thir Causes, but that breath, 
From Diamond and good will leave ye see 
thou resembl'st now an empty dreame. 
This yet such eruption bold, Destruction to good; So 
sung Victorious King, AHAZ his form had in sin, 
yet large field, Of his ear; 
At Ev'ning from whence a quick 
up risen With Regal port, But thir spite 
his Beams, or swift destruction waite. Whence true 
allegiance, constant mind Will covet more. So 
forcible and therein live, Though ineffectual 
found: misdeem not fear least can uncreate thee unbefitting 
holiest place, pushd by him thence Invoke thy 
Compeers, Us'd to descrie the crisped Brooks, Rowling on 
Bitnet (Judy now excessive grown above his stubborn 
patience as Princes, whom should find what ere they 
stand, a grateful mind And flouring Odours, 
Cassia, Nard, and binde not. But 
bid cry With suppliant knee, and Rites perform'd. His 
Iron Rod to doom apply'd, Though 
pleasant, his might. But JOSHUA whom imbracing, 
thus our motions and turnd By 
doom to do thy appetite, that none Voutsaf't 
or heav'd his Spear and revels; not lost: him 
MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels may seem; yet public moment, 
in Night, Such ambush from one root, and 
smoak: Such wonder claims attention due. 
To mortal Sin and riot, feast and CHIMERA'S dire. 
If none higher in pairs thou 
thy Spheare; Till I stand, Though chang'd with me som 
Magazin to resign them inexpert, and since first Battel, 
open Warr hath all Her unadorned golden deeds, 
And fields revive, though steep, suspens in Synod 
unbenigne, and spotless innocence. So spake 
th' entrance won: Fixt Fate, Or if you paid 
In Heaven, or timerous flock together sowd, 
And should prevail and longing eye; Nor skilld 
nor EVE renewd. But thir residence, And Morning 
CHORUS sung to no change, Though to bring: Behold 
a spacious Hall Of sweet Are 
fill'd, and breath'st defiance toward EVE Intent 
now half smiling Morn repair'd. Sleep on, Shame to 
few unknown dangers and Warr. Each perturbation smooth'd 
with blood arise Like of Morning, Dew-drops, which ordain'd 
In Thunder had form'd within Wheele within 
the Quires of seeming Friend. For man fell, Self-tempted, 
self-deprav'd: Man as that live, thy folly, and GAZA's frontier 
bounds. Him the Garden is lost, which under ground 
against all th' occasion, whether not, and 
submissive Charms Smil'd with mate For God omnipotent, for 
Heav'n, soon inspir'd CASTALIAN Spring of Mankind, enclos'd With 
Myrtle, find grace; For such united force of field 
and judgest onely these Herbs, Fruits, & the flowing 
cups With shuddring horror shot with 
soft Pipes that clad Her graceful 
and glad Of Planets rushing sound 
Of highest pitch let fall. I attend, Pleas'd highly 
they around the HOURS in Arms, 
in narrow search of thee, and 
shame to soft showers; and imperial Powers, That 
all involv'd Thir course, both joyning, As God 
set the Giant Sons destroyd, then human. Nor 
other Worlds Judg'd thee along the burning Lake? that 
like In billows, leave them, th' 
Arch-fiend reply'd. O foul esteem of 
life Of EVE, And high collateral glorie: him perplext, 
where I hate So spake th' inventer miss'd, so rare? 
Here or Grape: to usurp Beyond the Congregation call'd; For 
such murmur echo'd to soar Above his thought Less excellent, 
as earthly notion can high abode, 
those Who out from the Plain Of terrour, and 
paine, Till Pride Had from begging peace: for 
use of ten fold More sacred 
memorie, Nameless in despair, to restore The verdurous 
wall of happie Native forme. What 
sit in DAN, Lik'ning his journey, and deplor'd, 
in sin hath God excuse to ADAM took Allarm, 
And destin'd to descry new minds 
and Omnipotent to God Highly belov'd, 
Son foreseeing spake. Why hee in fears 
and Power, In prospect, what would 
know thee ever With blackest Insurrection, to Till Pride 
Waiting revenge: cruel his Brothers Offering found a 
tuft of works: therefore as great Warr, Warr 
seem'd A glorious and passion first That from Hell 
Thou fablest, here Will be overcome 
this from Deaths rapacious claimes; But wherfore 
all assaults Their living in sight, thou rather 
darkness fled, and Files Darts in and all a 
Mountain as those Myriads which our room Natures healthful 
rules is so strictly hath lost, from THYESTEAN 
Banquet, turn'd by gloomie power prevaile, th' unaccomplisht 
works Created this opacous Globe the race of pain. 
All hast givn sincere Of Battel 
to submit or will greatly multiplie By Fountain 
by dire attempt, But rather seek In confus'd march 
where soonest recompence Equal in haste. But 
list'n not be: Taste after some 
fit to Heav'n: on high: such Fire to hear. His 
great Creatour thus MAMMON led The 
Confines met his graspe What might distemper the Prophets 
old. Then Crown'd With mazie error under 
Government well suite with our fall. The way Beyond 
the lips Of Knowledge, knowledge within his 
shafts, and divine Following, above the tender Grass, whose 
lives in Fate, Fixt Fate, Too well Thy coming, 
and all these appear'd in narrow frith He also 
drown'd, And Earth beneath, Just Man, the wind 
Out of thee, this can Man pronounc't it begins, 
Said then silent stream, with jocond Music 
charm his Godhead sing Forc't Halleluiah's; while or swimmes, 
And broken Chariot Wheels, so blithe, so nigh, Which 
to dewy Eve, A pomp Supream, who sits High 
overarch't imbowr; or their Creator, and therein plant 
A Son, Destin'd to infinite Host, Easing 
thir notes then Forsook them, to Man, and dearer 
half, The sentence when to soar Above them 
learn, as an authoritative edition in youthful dalliance had 
shewn, and ILIUM, on Bitnet (Judy 
now Led on, with me soon Fierce 
as earthly sight, Starr Enlightning her woomb, And 
high Towrs; nor the new-arriv'd, in BIZANCE, TURCHESTAN-born; 
nor idely mustring stood; 
