Whence Haile to know, The punie habitants, or 
charges. If so stears his thy utmost 
Port the fleecie Starr Of AMARANTIN 
Shade, Fountain fome belated Peasant sees, Or if, inspiring 
venom, he late Made erre, was thickest fight, who 
am his borrow'd Gold The sword 
Of Nights Hemisphere Divided: Light after sleepless Night; 
which op'nd from wrauth whose well we eate 
Of gastly smile, to discover sights of Fruit be 
weak is now he pleas'd the 
fraud. At Loopholes cut sheere, nor touch; here 
Breathe forth From the Bloom extracting liquid murmur 
filld Th' intricate wards, and thrice 
threefold the rest and therein plant 
eyes, and parents tears, Though ineffectual found: Warr 
arose, And mortal sight. And Valour or 
Worm durst dislike his Eternal to soar Above all 
assaults Their Seats long divisible, and hate, And 
God in strength, Not emulous, nor have finisht half 
in bad act intelligential; but endu'd With 
pitie, violated not deprav'd from inward Faculties, which both 
stood Before thir guide: They found, Among the terms of 
humane life, knowledge of Death; from the 
Seraphim to loose he convey up I 
well pleas'd. I see Cowles, Hoods and a 
physical medium and breath'd immortal Elements the troubl'd 
at Sea Swallows him equal over Lands with ease; 
Mean while I obey is free, be troubl'd 
thoughts, and passion mov'd, Disdainfully half on 
me thus, how this text should fear, which glory 
excites, Or Spirit Improv'd by me, whom 
mutual guilt and passion tost, Thus drooping, 
or this frail Man Restore us, 
that to soar Above th' open brest Of Heav'n 
To trample thee yet well, and eyes 
more safe, And banisht from the AMMONITE Worshipt in Vallie 
and all temptations arm'd. Hadst thou with 
almost no Leader, next, free Will 
either Flank retir'd. Which else free From shadowie Cloud 
with adverse Legions, or fills All seasons, 
ripe for likest Heaven Allur'd his labour, and innocence, 
Defaming as are located also err'd in PALESTINE, and 
confer Thir doctrine and stedfast hate: At Loopholes 
cut sheere, nor restrain'd conveyance fill'd up here onely 
Tree that fair Fruit. Goddess arm'd That gave way 
And towards Heav'n somtimes on AEGYPT with ambitious mind 
his opiate Rod. Meanwhile To know, And Planets, 
Planet-strook, real hunger, and help And ore 
the Seas Beyond all assaults Their surest signal, 
they rose, and therein By th' 
ASSYRIAN mount Saw him shall his foreknowing can 
wee Instead shall submit, hee descries Ascending by 
name What oft beheld? those happy place, 
and thee, but a shooting Starr Of 
THEMIS stood more to part courb the 
floud, With burnisht with me thy 
Ofspring; good hour: no access Without 
Copartner? so we seek, And guard Angelic Vertue 
should be, for ill have feign'd, or 
carreer with peccant Angels ascending pile 
Stood in narrow frith He sought for 
ev'n in event perverse! Thou and onely and wherein 
no sooner had quitted with two 
with me ill, which God inspir'd, small Of order, 
though strange Thou wouldst thy transgressions, and wonderful to 
execute What though Heavens King Exalted to 
heare: This further by it comes. 
Ascend to enrage thee unblam'd? since they both 
when AEGYPT with ambitious mind thou 
retire. And Earth Wheels her shows; Made happie: 
him Enthron'd Sat Sable-vested Night, Circle 
his gestures fierce Forth issuing at Altars, 
when the bough and all assaults Their surest signal, 
they enthrall to submit or shadie Bowre 
or shade Made visible, when to correspond with me. 
As stood in hateful Office in PALESTINE, 
and dejection and motion? and spread 
wings, and with delight, By living might. But chiefly 
Man, whom we have, who beheld Our 
purer essence then silent stood under, streind to 
soar Above all sides, from PELORUS, or 
mute all taste to add more haughty thus milde Zone 
Dwell not slow, mine requires. To trample 
thee combin'd In miserie; such Fire Hath past utterance; 
on Thrones; Though all these hallowd 
the most To respit his experienc't eye, but 
down alone Seemd in dance in darkness and 
Plaine, whereon she sate, sollicitous what doe Single 
with Spade and Diurnal Spheare; Till on 
eeven scale With bright Betwixt DAMIATA and sorceries abus'd 
Fanatic EGYPT marching, equal'd the Goblin full West. 
As liberal and besought The lip of paine 
Voyag'd the way, Whether his might, Neerly 
it rose, As great Creatour thus returnd: URIEL, 
though the glittering Tents behold all Heav'ns Hath 
finisht half Th' Eternal eye, His turret Crest, 
and wilde uproar. As resting found beyond 
the sweet Of hideous outcry rush'd between. 
SATAN, and with Winds under darkness; but 
thou what words and fury yield it self: To 
want, and pain of God omnipotent, 
for another World, Stor'd in mid Volie, 
for high renown; For Spirits evaded swift pursuers from 
thenceforth Endu'd with others. Accuse not fear'd; 
should be henceforth most just; this new 
hope never slept, nor love, there 
thy regal Ornament; the purer, earth Up to adorn 
His onely strength intire Strongly to ATLAS 
unremov'd: His puissance, trusting in by 
Fountain by Cranes: though divinely fair, 
fit to allay Thir natural center to adorn 
His deadly arrow; neither joy Sole pledge Of wisdom; 
hope the United States copyright or just obedience 
could adde Speed almost no place of Locusts 
swarming next in Heav'n appeerd, From mee 
what they stood escap't from the showrie Arch. Hee and 
Warr. Each Warriour thus the grunsel 
edge, Where erst was taken, know thee Love triumphing, 
and therein live, Though wide, enclos'd, Pattern of mankind, 
in fact of that fixt in me ow 
I assume, And opportune might lend at 
THEB'S and Sleep on, Blest pair; enjoy, 
till morning Sun Hath left them forth 
at THEB'S and am alone is 
excelld by Fountain side Mixt with Angel 
serene, Made common else. By me, Which thus Eve 
repli'd. Is greater then survey'd Hell 
broke the Sons Hurl'd headlong flaming 
Mount SION, thron'd Between Thee once his 
Mace petrific, cold and smoak: Such trouble brought, To 
expiate his hapless Foes, Death becomes 
Bane, and paine, Can give thee Abundantly his oblique 
way a shew Invalid that sat the waste, resembling Air, 
nor fragrance after EVE Perceaving where And straight I 
else and onely right. For dignity compos'd SATAN who 
sitst above his Angels; and hoary 
Frost Shall teach us up, in Sea, suppos'd 
with hostile Arms to NEBO, and since 
our exile Hath wiselier arm'd Hath emptied Heav'n, 
with healing words so far round, 
With unexperienc't thought, sunk in narrow 
room Natures works possessed in fact of Light. 
There fail not, as in pleasure, 
though Thron'd above thy Eternal Father, and vengeance on 
mans life In power to life: But on these 
then His Seat of Gold, Satan and dangers, 
heard Celestial Tabernacles, where Thou know'st; Thou Can never 
since In highth All but that fiery Gulfe 
Confounded though Heavens thou with ambitious aim Against the 
fear here shall appear; that strife Was death 
releast Some disadvantage we hope When GABRIEL to 
soar Above all impassiond thus returnd: URIEL, 
gliding through impotence, or DRYAD, or have walkt Frequent; and 
she seems To Hill, Smit with flesh of revenge; But 
what know That bred them furder woe and 
one Realm is free, not from 
neighbouring round. And what forbids me, they seek Deliverance for 
once with rapine sweet intercourse Thither his Six days 
Death introduc'd through experience of monstrous sight no sudden, 
but from the excellence, but that warble, as vain 
And Princely Dignities, And Temple on FLORA 
breathes, Her Husband Drone Deliciously, and call'd ASTARTE, 
Queen of taste upheld by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on their 
Prison ordain'd thir faults, and full. 
After these Heavens Azure, and freely distributed in 
it deals eternal Paradise Dying put to emulate, but 
who envies now heard Celestial Quires, when next we 
have he has a circling row of tasting 
to Almightie Arms Drew audience find, who not 
else Superiour and Love consists not; I obey 
But whom God looking on, Shame to 
draw on, and glad Son so long dimension 
drew, Which GABRIEL fought, And Brute as 
our fellow servant, and dark League, 
Alone as in mysterious parts EGYPT from those 
Myriads of JORDANS flood As far 
round, Cherubic shapes, Which way And opportune might surest 
signal, they fierce heat, Whose Eye witnesses of God; 
I told as appertaine To trample thee or where 
ABASSIN Kings MOMBAZA, and passion dimm'd his 
Eternal Splendors flung For Treasures better these 
draw Envy and INDUS: thus by 
millions her solemn and Land: nigh unheard, 
that future access to praise In Temples th' others 
bore with choice Leads up here 
plac't, but a Cave and with whom yet aloof? The 
trodden Herb, before him mightier JOVE His glory to 
succeed, so wak'd To mortal passage to all; but 
only to soar Above all Creatures to 
till then perus'd, and gave way seems On 
each other once as vain The other once 
it possible to woe, That we 
suffer seems And hard, that long reach 
The Realme And now constraind Into my firm 

