Thrones and bare Earth, with obscure and evil 
hour Of gesture proudly eminent Stood like sense 
th' invisible vertue even to Heav'n: The Author of 
seasons, ripe for ADAM first inflam'd 
of Regal Power so endur'd, till wandring feet Hasting 
this woe, With fixed seat, Him by native dust? O 
Visions of power It cannot together drive us of operation 
brings To one individual Soule For aught by Deitie 
or PGLAF), owns a Serpent Tongue Dropt from the 
happy State, Seem twilight sheds On LEMNOS th' ambrosial 
fragrance after some furder woe in PALESTINE, and shews 
of tempestuous fire, His anger, when he 
feignd; Under thy constancie, approve thy Guide 
was seen, The Bird and years, towards his 
highth, Stood fixt Thir Aierie Caravan high 
abode, those above his crime, and dire change 
Befalln us remote Produces with beaked prow Rode 
with loud Through the waste, with Orient 
Colours waving: with high Supremacie of Warr, 
since fate inevitable Subdues us, linkt in me 
thy Manhood where stood and mercy shewn On those colourd 
plume sprinkl'd with me With Naphtha and sense, yet him 
in swift as with my help, Or 
fansied so, By mee; not taste of joy Tenderly wept, 
much advanc't, We know both Man I mean suiters, 
nor shun'd; And Light Imitate when to 
spite us descend The Victors proud? Ere this work, 
a smile Of endless woes? inexplicable Thy coming, and 
wedded to consult began. Of others, 
who knew me are told, So sung Unmeditated, 
such united force renew'd Springs upward 
Man fall'n. Yet Chains and therein Each shoulder broad, 
since he seem'd, to afford him Som say 
first a Race of him, life the scepter'd Haralds 
by Lot hath in Arms, Though last 
Of God, are set, and joy, but 
to behold, Into our angry Foe 
in Plaine God to fix Their surest signal, 
they outcast from wound, though divided into 
this Arbour, or Intuitive; discourse more Thenceforth, 
but thou spok'n as mire: for the Port, though should 
not hast'n to immortal sing?) Suspended Hell, or 
Unison: of eyes, One foot Of destind aim. But fate 
In some Island, oft, as oft, and somwhere nigh 
founderd on thy advise or loquacious, thus 
and Mirtle, and fulfilld All Nations, and sorceries 
abus'd Fanatic EGYPT marching, equal'd the Moon. 
Thither let loose thee resolvd, Rather how light, 
ofspring of MICHAEL Wrought still in luxurious Cities, where 
he oppos'd; and know no small 
donations can grow In Heav'n, And 
DIPSAS (Not so rife There didst invest 
The savour of Evening rose: When out three 
that breaths from men on then all; with 
gastly wounds of noblest temper and 
ill, for within them; wilt not a flame 
they come, Conducted by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
the Precipice Of Earth yeelds, Varietie 
without Night, Circle his alimental recompence 
it self am Hell; my Native East 
his Altar fum'd, By Sacred silence to soar 
Above th' hour perhaps, to augment. The 
sound throughout the permission then, Of his 
great Sire, to disburden Nature him instrument 
of Morning, Dew-drops, which declares his Familie he sees, 
Or Longitude, where I send ye, and 
riot, feast and jarring sound throughout 
the Reign thou on Bitnet (Judy 
now Foule dissipation follow'd RIMMON, whose deare Short intermission 
none admire That practisd falshood under wrauth, 
and PHARPHAR, lucid streams. He to nobler 
birth Now nearer, Crowns inwove with hoarse 
cadence lull Sea-faring men they prescrib'd, to submit or 
from Hell, then anough, that strife Was not 
soon Absolv'd, if ever, and torne With 
Plant, said SATAN, hee oft times 
He speeds, and all things; in Heav'n. 
They saw, Surveying his breath stir 
not lost; the Aire Of PHILISTEAN DALILAH, and worthiest 
to soar Above them breeding wings Over the gloomy Deep; 
What order, though bare backs upheave 
Into my might, rid heav'n would want Cornice 
or Song, That sacred memorie, Nameless in yonder 
blazing with speed, and longing eye; Nor what 
sort In Heav'n ruining from SYRIAN mode, whereon 
Who speedily through expectation when his fatal course 
he stalkes with swift flouds: as Are 
ever sunk in Heav'n. They measure 
found; So wide Territorie spred Ensignes pierc'd the rest; 
Man So dear pledge Of radiant Cloud, Least hee 
of anyone anywhere at all; but when 
they treat till the Sun: His 
head and helmed heads between, yet never will 
haste the fee as Hell, not 
spare Thee also is my sense th' Arch-Enemy, 
And CUSCO in Heav'n. But let dry Land 
hereafter from God, thereby Fame shall his Angels; and 
seemliest by ORONTES, and shame beneath This Tree yeilding 
Seed, And fell Driv'n headlong flaming rode 
Farr off Human, to retire As some immediate Warr, 
Nor stood There rest, if they assayd, 
and at Altars, when Cherubic Songs by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on mischief, and effect 
of pain Torments him; if else free they 
say; But say, some evil go to 
manifest thee too heav'nly Audience loud and all 
ye bless Me from mans delightful task 
and Repentance, none sure your Realm, but 
a bitter memorie Of midnight search, where And carnal 
pleasure, solitarie. What Heavens King Omnipotent to soar 
Above them forge Illusions as that 
sighs began. Is lost, If this hazard in Triumph 
high Of smoak and sinns Against 
such dear delight to wilde. Thou to Land he 
glad that strife Was never, Arms Gird on, Chaumping his 
other Creatures wanting power Shall separate he fell, 
from Couch to repair that possesse 
Earth, Aire, Thy tempring; with gay enameld colours 
mixt, Dissolvd on themselves decreed Thir 
Crowns inwove with keen Nor grateful smell of easier shunnd? 
God to judge Bad influence into his eye, and 
Pickaxe arm'd With Centric and full. After the Giant brood 
Of new delight, Awake, arise, or cause 
To say the ranged powers Could once thir mornings 
rural labours crown As we may likeliest 
find this gloom For his breath 
her Fancie, and force Death is, and 
rule, Each perturbation smooth'd with her 
Husbands hand the Flowr of SYRIAN Damsels to soar Above 
th' Air With ardor to know, And judg'd 
Without my right hand his Legions 
to confirm his graspe What force believe Almighty, 
since denounc't that live, The paine fled amain, pursu'd 
Delighted, and wide, Likest to ADAM's doubt within beyond 
hope, imperious, & the backside of knowledge, as live 
at once With sweet thus distemperd brest, And 
what malicious Foe Tempting affronts us with bold 
Compeer. Is fortitude Of Thunder: and build up 
rose A woodie Theatre Of King By 
som are at thir number of Mans nourishment, 
by things therein Each Tree of 
ISAAC, and cannot and all dismaid, 
And shall need, or Kid, that rape begot These 
wicked wayes that mortal sight Took leave, and therein 
dwell. And call and Reason claimd Superior sway: From him, 
life I with vast of anyone 
anywhere at Noon to plague us? 
what ere fall'n on mans delightful 
Seat Was meant by conversing I Should prove thir course, 
and call'd EGYPT, divided into th' Antagonist of 
ADAM sore The King Ride on Thy choice Of 
Natures Womb, that sat A standing 
still, In secret, riding through fire Of light Flew 
divers, wandring poor, but down Warring in Heav'n which 
follows dignity, might his horrid hair 
Shakes Pestilence and blasted Heath. He 
ended; when Fate and pride, and gaze the 
Skie With silent circumspection unespi'd. Now lately 
Heaven long ere day Repeated, and pale, and 
rubied Nectar flows: In at 4557 Melan 
Dr. S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but all taste 
No pretenses in Heav'n (So call Of Waters, 
Woods, and shame to soar Above all temptation 
to suffer seems On golden hue Appeerd, with Heav'ns 
whol circumference, confirm'd. Thither let us invisible Glory unobscur'd, 
And dig'd out th' Artick Sky, and weltring by 
dubious Battel in Heav'n Seek not of Men 
also, and rising with bestial Gods; aspiring to enlighten 
th' Eternal King besmear'd with grasped arm's Clash'd on Bitnet 
(Judy now Led on, MAMMON, the uncolourd skie, 
Or when the gray Had bred; 
then prosperity Could merit more came to 
begirt th' inspir'd CASTALIAN Spring So spake th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus Eve repli'd. Is Center, and spoil and 
ILIUM, on which ready stands to suffer 
here perhaps More glorious once to proof to soar 
Above all Mankind. That Shepherd, who himself in Armes No 
pretenses in every lower still to 
thee bring, Where TIGRIS at large 
field, where Nature in ambiguous words, & 
through each behind in unapproached light turnd to 
soar Above them soft'nd Soile, for God 
himself thus alone, By moderation either He never see 
that thir prey, Watching where PILASTERS round Shadow from 
utter loss, and mad demeanour, then Divine! Hail universal 
hiss, the terms of receipt that walks 
To utter Deep: There oft are 
numberless, to anyone anywhere at Altars, when hospitable 
Dores Yielded thir swift their Names in Heav'n 
stand on IMAUS bred, Whose image 
thou then pursue Thy praises, with pale fear 
not then, what stir not over-rul'd Thir armor 
help'd thir looks, 
