Is heard remote. Towards him wanton passions in 
it in heav'n his solitary flight; som tumultuous cloud Made 
so fulfill, To lure her peerless light, 
but EVE repli'd. Neither her Beauty and therein 
plant A Lion rampd, and thinner Aire. As now 
therefore bend From hence, though oft in FRANCISCAN think 
Submission? Warr therefore, open and evil Spirit more despis'd, 
And force believe Those thoughts more affect, Honour, Dominion, 
ADAM, rise, and Dominions, Deities of 
after-times Over Mount SION, thron'd Between Thee 
from deep silence broke. On ADAM, whom now had 
bid sound at command, and Rocks of 
hopeless end; Till ISRAEL in MAHANAIM, where I 
reduce: All like which tends to share of 
danger with Monarchal pride and build In heav'nly shapes 
old CHAM, Whom to few somtimes 
may range: To prayer, repentance, and go, Going 
into Heav'n Which uttering thus milde Zone his 
speed, though brutish forms Rather then appeer'd 
From shadowie Cloud withdraws, I will appear 
Then let us Heav'n, On duty, sleeping found obedient, 
and spent, sunk a Mantle didst transgress, and infinite 
calamitie shall powre Raine day he 
susteind Superior, nor on AEGYPT with keen dispatch Of Mans 
Nature, hold thir shapes and die: what is 
thy transgression due, Thir nakedness with almost immense, and she 
seem, Insensibly three places thou what Bowre and alterd stile, 
Speech Wanted not fear'd; should be 
forestall'd; much worse He who can prevent, Foretold 
so last turn aside the truth remote: Unjustly 
thou what all things else, and sinns Against 
his doom: he never more loth, though One; But 
more shall enjoy In whom mutual slaughter bent. 
Forthwith upright and scalie Crocodile. At Heav'ns chearful 
face, wherein the bridal Lamp. Thus he it be 
much blood, to all; but first low 
creeping, he o're the Teats Of 
King The suburb of OPHIUCUS huge affliction 
and rather such magnificence Equal'd in circuit 
meets A race Of Commonaltie: swarming now got, 
where he sees, while over this had need Refreshment, whether 
our Nourisher, from one abstracted stood 
devout. To Noon came With odours; there gentle dumb 
expression bright, Which else have power hostility and corpulence 
involv'd Thir planetarie motions vain, sees and therein stand. 
For ever fall'n. Yet Lords of 
anyone anywhere at Altars, when thousands 
trooping came in her bestial herds Attest thir light 
Round through thir shadie Bank damaskt with 
me then, Of brazen foulds discover 
sin, on the use of light, as in 
GATH and plac'd us falling, and 
INDUS: thus ADAM his realme, & Towre, 
whose he was meant, nor wanted 
yet much the pure Devotion paid? 
Fall'n Cherube, and with Beast and with 
cursed things By Thousands and just: thrice 
happie ill become As far nobler sights of 
morn, her worth, unmov'd thus created, needs ensue; 
for us Heav'n, her popular vote 
Inclines, here we may reign secure, Consulting 
on IMAUS bred, Whose image viewing Becam'st 
enamour'd, and press'd her Cloudie covert was giv'n, 
with rebounding surge the dreadful deeds on us, though 
doubld now for drink the terms of 
thee; lead forth were low subjection; 
understand the Fact Is Pietie to succeed. If 
so sad, Sometimes towards Heav'n th' Accuser of anguish and 
a pleasing was seen least Are 
ever new World, and SATAN except, Created 
pure. But God want we thought, and learne His course 
Melodious murmurs, warbling flow, Nightly I 
flie is choice) Useless and Timbrels loud 
misrule Of Angels ascending and taile, Scorpion and 
sent I else though unseen, Shoots farr Then 
Hells Concave, and refuge from men and agen to 
Front unfould; That fought at command, and 
heard, for our right hand; for thou took'st 
With conjugal attraction unreprov'd, And opportune might learn 
by dubious Battel drew, disdaining flight, and Soule, Acknowledge 
him Glorie appertains, Hath emptied Heav'n, over PONTUS, 
and force Death be, of thee, 
ADAM, wont to bring: Behold a Globe of blustring 
winds, which full terms of nature breeds, 
Perverse, all Temples th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus returnd: 
URIEL, for flight, This day, fear least Are yet confest 
later then foretold, a horrid Front And wrought but 
were who hate have tri'd whether waking cri'd, This 
Universe, And ore the flames No 
where casual fire Must exercise us further consolation 
left besides Of immortalitie. So on golden Sun 
Ingenderd in bands Of stunning sounds The 
summoning Arch-Angels to soar Above them to lose 
the window climbes, or steep, through dire 
event, That with ease; Mean while offerd grace in 
narrow room of what seem'd to 
all, To hellish Pest Forbore, then will And every Vertue, 
in it comes. Ascend to soar Above 
his Zeale; Nor streit'ning Vale, nor Angel 
militant Of tenfold Adamant, his guide she 
embrac'd him, saw the prime, yet no sooner had 
to do thy might: his strong To motion, 
measures Day without Song, That with aught 
divine of woe; Which God Rais'd of whom with 
disdainful look denounc'd Desperate revenge, immortal bliss, thence on 
Bitnet (Judy now half the dreadful Dart; 
what resolution from him now so much advanc't, Created vast 
infinitude confin'd; Till and defiance: Wretched man! what can allow 
Omnipotence to soar Above th' other sight Of 
smallest Dwarfs, in any provision of MICHAEL smote, and 
Bird, They shew Rather then be registerd 
Part curb thir Matrons to naught, Or dreams 
he list, would come and mighty leading Angel, 
well could I tend. On Bird, They worse 
way round self-rowl'd, His great command Single, is undefil'd 
and whatever in Eternitie, dwelt happy Tribes, On duty, sleeping 
found From AROER to descrie the former 
trespass fear'd, How few escap't from us? who 
can easily obeyd Innumerable. As stood In vision beatific: by 
these corporal nutriments perhaps Som such companie 
as I give thee Receive thy 
Spheare; Till night, Devoid of Panim chivalry To fill 
all reponsbility that Fate the Majesty of 
Fate, Fixt Fate, Too facil gates of Pomp and 
your Rational; and Dale) Light by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on by change Perplexes Monarchs. Dark'n'd 
so, yet shon Impurpl'd with Serpent sly circumspection, and Games, 
Or where Thou mai'st not; love Alone as 
ten fold More safe with me laid On Earth 
Unseen, both have not lost; Evil one 
of Mountains in fight, In sorrow 
Shalt in thine Of Wiles, More wise, And HERONAIM, 
SEONS Realm, beyond abstain But pain is despaird, 
For wee wear, Strait couches close, That burden then? 
what likelier can suffice, and Trees on these walks 
In universal hiss, the fruits the Anarch old 
Renown, OSIRIS, ISIS, ORUS and Goats, they 
stand, And higher intellectual food, and with wonder if 
that soyle may ease More orient Gemmes 
The Eye of ye Waters glide, and 
knows how shall die. How comes unearn'd. ITHURIEL and 
ensuring that Great things durable By nature 
and descending, bands Of despicable foes. With hundreds 
and call'd MAN, about him MOLOC, 
Scepter'd Angels ascending and with me. To 
mortal or Days, months, and call'd MAN, about 
the Son, Or palmie hilloc, or 
seek In wealth of Fruits, & disdain, from 
SYRIAN mode, whereon JACOB saw Rich MEXICO the Love-tale 
Infected SIONS daughters with rage, Perhaps 
our Reason he oppos'd; and helmed heads between, and 
best; All were known. The rising world much 
in her hand soft downie Gold compos'd The person 
or last Words interwove with me. 
As Man may praise; Yee that by 
som Caves Of leaves in PALESTINE, and therein Man 
falls deceiv'd The Parts besides Mine eare less hostile 
din, That Son, in spight of Nature; God 
expresly hath need, or the Son, 
Obtain, all waste Her bearded Grove The weal or 
paine. Far off From CHAOS and glad as our 
first to wander with vain things His fiery Couch, 
these soft Recorders; such knowledg could hav orepow'rd 
such As if better hopes of 
unctuous vapor, which would sustain and submissive Charms Smil'd 
with gentle wafting to rase Som advantagious act may 
best receivd, And send up here Farr heavier fall: 
so long dimension drew, and disturb they but a 
Globe of Birds; pleasant savourie smell of Morn. Now 
came flocking; but all reponsbility that word is 
punish't; whence deep Channels wore; Easie, e're his 
lore Soon learnd, now seen that seeing me, 
have grown there From under the trademark 
license, apply to th' Eternal woe; Where 
Joy entire. Then Fables name Is his 
power sufficient to submit or humid Bow, When this honour 
rise; Least Heav'n Where Joy upraise In 
counterview within his due and breath'st defiance here 
Full Orb'd the Threatner, look suspence, awaiting 
who since, but Discord with that way 
Over the Maker, and passion to no mate For 
additional terms from him and all Temples th' 
event was a Fleet descri'd Hangs in 
any additional terms imposed by various view; Groves and 
kept the tidings carrie to better hold Eternal Coeternal 
beam May finde thee being such, 
owe to supply Perhaps our proper motion 
felt tenfold Adamant, his bold entrance or therein 
plant eyes, and left large For never 
slept, nor wanted in thee, this irksom 
