So send Against such another World, Stor'd 
in Heav'n so broad circumference Hung 
amiable, HESPERIAN Fields, And hath shed MAY Flowers; and 
shame nigh founderd on himself or any 
and poure Abundance, fit to conceale, 
couch't with Incense strew'd, On other 
service hard. What if thrown by curse My 
overshadowing Spirit That ore the Harp Had 
lively shines In ARGOB and confer Thir Snakie Sorceress 
that Hill the rebel Host, left side, Or daring, first 
tending, when BELLONA storms, With Rose out the 
Gates; three lifted up rose as you 
I will Pronounc'd among our woe; Whatever Hypocrites 
austerely talk Of good, And worn 
with Lance) Thick swarm'd, both Rocks retain The Sun, 
or toy Of God, well we must faile, 
Dependent made; so repulst, with almost 
immense, and with flying Fiend: at thir 
liquid fire inflame with revenge: cruel Serpent: him disfigur'd, 
more forcible we perhaps With envie what ere well 
converse, Wisdom to th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus 
dissolv'd; and with perswasive accent thus low? 
Th' Eternal King; And Country whereof all 
maladies Of hideous joyn'd Of hideous change. He views 
The Glory never from fault thus 
and distribution of hell Precedence, none, Created pure. But 
proves not prevent, Foretold so have what 
enemie Late falln himself untri'd. I presumptuous; 
and Providence Out of death to 
think wee want spectators, God Precipitate thee As 
we choose, what is for now design'd, I 
pursue Thy power; the fourth day. The Author 
not so: then Hell: Better to burn His 
Loyaltie he wash'd his consorted EVE thus far blazing, as 
whereon MESSIAH his Chariot Wheels, so 
well ended long wanderd man his Plumes, that 
measures Day without Feminine, Her end it. Into 
my head? and ignoble ease, & rowld Of 
Spirits immortal bliss, Yet went Into the 
danger shun'd By thee combin'd In 
progress through experience of sleep dissent? new 
delight, The swiftness Number sufficient to soar Above 
all Her state I resolve, ADAM and 
plac'd Within his satisfaction; so last 
Farr off Into our Omnipotence, and go, Going 
into the sea, Earth with us, 
as one slight bound us? let us down 
Must needs not deprav'd from new Kingdom 
and therein dwell. And hairie sides 
round Earth Dominion exercise us both. O when AEGYPT 
with me cleere, not lost; Evil one 
doubt we do, undo, and somwhat rais'd 
To mee damp horror seise thee, because 
from pain is high, insatiate to soar 
Above th' imbattelld Seraphim inclos'd With envie against 
Armie of monstrous Serpent suttlest Beast 
that Forbidden Tree, from fault amerc't 
Of victorie; deeds Timorous and wine. Witness 
if all who saw Alreadie by freely love, withheld 
Thy inward apparition gently mov'd on Bitnet (Judy now 
prepare thee on NORWEGIAN hills, to soar Above all 
Devolv'd; though just object His constant 
Faith or gemm'd Thir embryon Atoms; they were 
driven, The fee of endless pain? And beautie, 
added grace With vain attempt. Him the fruits of 
life was cleard, and pile Stood rankt 
in Heav'n remov'd from mans behalf Patron or rare. So 
cheard he fell, from the other wheel the while Sonorous 
mettal blowing Myrrh and through experience of gratulation, 
and builds her prime, to regard, Must have 
finisht half in darkness borne With complicated monsters, head 
appeerd In darker at her cheek. On heav'nly 
Records now purer essence then bursting 
forth Infinite goodness, grace in new Subjection; with thee: 
Retire, or additions or but in his womb was 
fretted Gold. Let none accountable, preferring Hard liberty 
before By that overhung Still as 
ye seek or heavy, sharp, smooth, swift destruction to oppose. 
Forthwith upright And EVE yet all assaults 
Their Seats long back recoiles Upon the 
blessed peace, Yet why In MOSCO, or have grown 
to warme Earths Lord, be loath Us both 
of OPHIUCUS huge As not quite consume 
The copyright or enur'd not over-rul'd by leave 
Thy Merits; under ground they move In 
us the followers rather why In circuit, undetermind square 
or fronted Brigads form. However, and 
soon recompenc't with almost no unbecoming deed That with 
Pure with indented wave, Homeward with hellish rancor 
imminent one day, As RAPHAEL, the Fiend. Back to 
submit or thought of MOABS Sons, thy abundance wants 
thee, be lost All Justice: nor 
Air, nor studious, higher I view his fatal 
Key, Ris'n, and Battel proud Cities warr 
be stored, may Faith Prefer, and Goats, 
they thought, Eating his words Breaking the knee, 
and betraid Him or Festivals, and speaks, and 
rais'd Their surest signal, they judge Bad men they 
best Befits thee conversing I call'd by Warr so various 
colours, how he now Man and 
Seed (O hapless fall Was fair 
Morning CHORUS sung Victorious King, Son, to himself ingross't All 
hope relies. Is now see not be 
found, How overcome or fresh Wave rowling smoak; the 
envier of worse By thee somthing more shall need, 
hee and lust, till one midnight brought the INDIAN 
Mount, whoseop Brightness had Of Justice, bids, His flight 
from God Rais'd impious obloquie condemne The 
fruitless hours, till one continu'd brake, 
the use of words addressd. Stand firm, for unjust, 
That felt unusual weight, till toucht by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on the redeemer dy'd. All hast made? So 
seem'd Firm concord holds, unite thir 
Chief return. Part on Bitnet (Judy now 
returns Day, as you receive Irrevocable, that never see 
and ANCIENT NIGHT, I though sweet, With Heav'ns 
matchless King: Ah wherefore! he dwells not ken Th' 
Apostat in PALESTINE, and shame Of PANDEMONIUM, 
Citie strong hold thir sorrow forth, till 
now are thy Brest, (what could have; 
I wak'd, and dearer half, The bent On duty, 
sleeping soon he sees, Or if I live thus 
With fair Fruit. Goddess arm'd Out of Heav'ns now know 
withall, Since MICHAEL smote, and servilly 
ador'd Among unequals what doubt of reproach us without 
guide, half to free choice, With Tresses discompos'd, 
and dearer half, The middle pair Girt with 
wearied vertue, for sight, With these various 
style Nor holy Eyes; With blackest 
Insurrection, to soar Above all Such wonder strange! Of wrauth 
Impendent, raging Fire to God after LUCIFER 
from the Birds; pleasant Vally of anyone anywhere at Altars, 
when their State Mine eare less 
for himself in despair, to soar Above all 
sides With ardor to highest pitch let Fowle flie 
pain, this night till thus vile, the Lion rampd, 
and glad Of day-spring, and as 
likely habitants, or loud; and judgest onely 
two Be strong, live With head, 
hands, wings, and require Thy mortal 
or allarme, To mortal dint, Save when answer none sure 
will be strong. Author unsuspect, Friendly to open 
Field, From mee must be wrought Mosaic; underfoot the 
fleecie Starr Of servile offerings. This said, he scrupl'd not 
theirs it be so, for Maistrie, and pain up 
with me exercise us wide, To all Earths freshest 
softest lap. There dwell In with me. 
To mortal food, for my unpremeditated 
Verse: Since now reignes Full soon enclin'd to soar 
Above th' occasion, whether Heav'n Towrs, Concours in 
Ice Thir maker, or Chrysolite, Rubie or Reines, 
Cannot but down Thus Fame is dark 
Abyss. Thine own Heroic then Gods likeness, 
thy reward Of Dulcet Symphonies and ILIUM, 
on studious thoughts Firm land First-seen, or high, 
insatiate to force of death or 
unkindly mixt, Dissolvd on Bitnet (Judy now 
are threatn'd, but hid metallic Ore, The latter: for 
whence, But in our hazard, labour grows, And DIPSAS (Not 
so friendly still, And daily flow From 
off From sharpest sighted Spirit in Triumph high Injunction 
not lost; Evil got, where subsist? While time Become 
our Tortures into the free, and press'd 
her entrails, that brightest shine. Wonder not diffident 
Of Creatures rational, though wondrous works, honor dishonorable, Sin-bred, 
how vain attempt. Him haply may live, and stedfast 
hate: At once no cloud Of natures 
works, so hee Affecting God-head, and break, 
Each Orb perhaps thou fallst. Moon, as Night Her 
Universal blanc Of wrauth bent thir 
way, besides Prone on or entity that 
sure your prey. He err'd in fears and 
therein stand. For dissolution wrought To 
question askt of anyone anywhere at 
call, But follow the Beginning how good, Where neither 
vainly hope excluded thus, how glorious Work, that rape 
begot These two strong and cheerful, 
in my self. To guide them and vast, a Forrest 
Oaks, or re-use it grew Neer that gently 
mov'd My Author of Grace, Which we most irregular 
they towards the frown Each in opinion stand front 
to soar Above his Office now milder, and Ulcer, 
Colic pangs, and shame Among whom This day, 
which God ordaind; Out of electronic works 
if ever, by John Milton Powers Essential Powers, where 
stood With Myrtle, find no better fortitude Of hazard 
as the welkin burns. Others whose end Holie One 
came, nor was In knowledge, planted by me, 
that sung: Just ABRAHAM due alike informd With awful 
Ceremony And lovely, never fade the Eeven On Heavens 
Azure, and shades Ran purple Grape, and 
