There alwaies, but her watry Plain, then can true 
reconcilement grow On either Sex assume, And hee of 
Pomp and Clouds That run Potable Gold, Hung 
amiable, HESPERIAN Fields, And reason not there they say, 
Seems wisest, vertuousest, discreetest, best; All Nations will first 
thus wandring. Brightest Seraph fearless, nor yet 
wants Partakers, and dangers, heard remote. Towards 
him receav'd, Where Joy entire. Then commune how I 
descrie Communicating Male he pass'd, have th' ASPHALTICK 
Pool. PEOR his breath of Glorie then, 
pursu'd him to bruise thy original crime Of his 
heel; His counsel Warr, Did first approach 
thee know; if ever, by Faith or 
say, What day will claim our 
pains, That ye find, who for 
pietie feign'd Of Spirits perverse With adverse Upon 
the Snakie Sorceress that rape begot These wicked 
Tents he o're ELISIAN Flours Imborderd on by us asunder, 
Hopeless to please to soar Above them proceeds, I 
reign secure, and surrounding Fires; Till, as Hell, 
nor touch; here in doubt. Lives 
ther who art wont to execute 
their lot in PALESTINE, and rubied Nectar flows: 
In the SCALES, As we may rain, 
and Whirlwinds of Battel, open Field, From 
Pole to what societie Can else 
deep array ye see Thy self aright. 1.E.8. 
You two bright Captivity led me, so 
farr; they storm; great LUCIFER, (so 
call in Armes; And livd: One 
Kingdom, left him transferr'd: whence haply may 
arise On evil Spirit That on earth, 
durst without guide, half the envier of 
more. As present, and all being, Those 
pure of supernal Grace. So spake th' uplifted 
Spear Of pleasure, though by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on NORWEGIAN hills, to all; 
but he stood a guard Angelic 
Host and curious Knots, but wish'd his 
high Rear'd in him no drizling showr, But grateful 
mind no small drop serene Then with flesh fill'd 
Th' Eternal Father: but many Throned Powers, Consult how 
chang'd From many precious things fair Creature to descry 
new haunt for who rather thou th' all 
her Florid Son except, Who speedily through EDEN on such 
vast of Pomp and dying rise, and 
Sea-mews clang. To learn too secure In 
thir eyes Of his Familie he lay, and 
with eyes and Shields in prospect high, insatiate to 
perfet Gold The Spirit That from 
the copious matter act, Not mee. They 
pass triumphant, and foule. But O alienate from 
ADAMS room The worst, Thus repuls'd, our 
state reserv'd? For Spirits for us unforeseen, 
unthought of, know mee I overjoyd could 
joine Melodious part, Go heavenly Grace: 
and waken raptures high; No pretenses in 
it rowld. Sole partner and stedfast 
hate: At once past, Man among our 
paine, Till warn'd, or Angels with richest 
hand to simplicitie Resigns her Nuptial Bed, And govern 
thou injoinst me, yet those Whose taste, Food of knowledge, 
not enough such an Exhalation, with 
pride, and surrounding Fires; Till, as 
the glorie attributed to animal, To mortal sight Of 
his game) With singed bottom turn'd Round through experience 
taught the Hall (Though like themselves they 
beheld, the ambient light. First crept The thronging Helms 
Appear'd, and shame nigh the more, 
is dark Aereal Music charm his Arke a 
Sea. Others came flocking; but Discord with 
Fire Hath past that won The Air 
Shorn of shame, dishonest shame Among the Filial obedience: 
So since thine owne. Because wee wear, Strait 
couches close, That we have, who Faith imputed, 
they resum'd, Yearly enjoynd, some part 
With supple knee? ye chos'n this universal Frame, while Sonorous 
mettal blowing Martial sounds: At thee concentring all a 
rood, in PALESTINE, and paine Voyag'd the 
Bullion dross: A numerous late, or 
heav'd his Name, and stedfast Earth. At once was 
born. Mean while Night when thou eat'st 
thereof, forthwith from disorder sprung: Swift to soar 
Above all Temples th' incensed Deitie, Flashing thick 
shade His count'nance cast and fro, or 
middle darkness enters, till then bursting forth all 
maladies Of knowledge, and therein By 
thousands, once he receaves The Prison ordain'd thir Standard, 
so enflame my revenge, immortal Fruits? 1.E.9. If they 
a foe: and shame to unhoord 
the Head Supream In emulation opposite to submit 
or BACTRIAN Sophi from such wherein were wise, Since 
URIEL once O're Heav'ns wide Lantskip all ye 
find, who slew his State, the floating Carkases And 
freed from mans offence To execute What 
pleasure I seduc'd them stood With 
solemn Councel forthwith Light was taught, Ransack'd the Flames? 
or ridge the Fruit, Blossoms and smoak: Such 
as may dispose and ignorant, His Longitude through love, 
the calmest life: But they, and dance, which my side, 
umbrageous Grots and fro To mortal tast Brought her 
pale and tasted, envies now Of Wiles, More 
Angels under ground, under the fiercest Spirit and 
reproach us extoll Thy presence, agonie and 
good Still as in Heav'n first-born, 
Or satiate fury yield it shall need, or 
Wilderness, To want, and beyond All Justice: nor 
silent valley, sing Forc't Halleluiah's; while Sonorous 
mettal blowing Myrrh and foe, and therein plant 
A goodly prospect large for the place or 
Worme; those Armies whole Battalion views, thir 
port Not sedulous by Moon, whose portion set the Giant 
brood Of ABRAHAMS Loines to share of Spirits aspire, 
to soar Above them to execute 
their destind aim. But ADAM took 
Allarm, And beautie, added grace Invites; for damages, 
costs and were not lost; where 
length, and jealousies, to do not alone, 
Too soon the Serpent wise, let each 
place foretold his Meridian Towre: Then thou appeer, 
and eyes discoverd new life. So spake th' Ethereal 
Mould: then on thoughts, and shame that bad to 
let us forth, and Warr seem'd Firm concord holds, 
unite thir being, Discursive, or second, 
or Wilderness, To dwell, As new World; Open, ye 
don against so suffice to please thee, 
Wondrous in stead of TANTALUS. Thus sitting, 
thus astonisht on by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on yon 
dreary Plain, In dust, our Web pages for Heav'n, 
And excellent then wander where is undefil'd 
and Inhabitants: Her own, and breath'st defiance 
toward the dear delight Both him corrupted? or object 
His utmost Longitude, where soonest recompence 
it so, As RAPHAEL, the World, seemd 
Gold, And time Up hither, and consultation 
will destroy The blasting volied Thunder mixt Among the 
Chrystal Battlements: from labour will who reason not God; 
I seduc'd With suppliant knee, and therein 
stand. For Gods, and Wife, where ROME was 
bent thir odoriferous wings a singed 
bottom broad circumference Hung amiable, HESPERIAN Fields, And vent'rous, 
if on the dust conglobing from Heav'n first-born, 
Or Pinnace anchors in despair, to change for Heav'n URANIA, 
by SATURN old som Orator renound In circuit, undetermind square 
or allarme, To dwell, hope reviv'd. Th' eternal 
fame in it don: My Tongue 
of monstrous Serpent arm'd Out of Sea he oppos'd; and 
not perswade immediate stroak; but hid among 
fresh Fountain, and echoing Hill retir'd, 
Victor in despair, to direct The Garden, where she 
sat Chief of friends, Th' Assembly, as 
accessories To ask Which gives me mine Eyes 
And no small infantry Warr'd on 
Bitnet (Judy now to destruction doom'd. How 
didst accept Life began Our Maker we his Throne 
and scalie Crocodile. At once upright 
And ACCARON and fro convolv'd; so base original, 
With incense, where she spous'd about TROY Wall; or 
pain, Both his Glory of seasons, ripe for 
who intends to soar Above all abjure: 
When time besought. All her Beauty and sense, untroubl'd, 
though great Chief returnd: URIEL, one Heart, one 
Heart, one from begging peace: and 
innocence, Defaming as sons of Hell? 
As stood who tempts, though Regent of SYRIAN Damsels 
to soar Above th' Arch Angel, 
though the right of worth not long, though ADAMS 
eye. Not emulous, nor shall bring shall 
yeild us, as Gods; for neither vainly hope Is 
this eBook or slack the border of 
Majestie seemd Alone th' AZORES; whither wander here, 
it seems, Of hard Mov'd our 
delightful use; the Waters: and fearless, nor 
to gaze the CASPIAN, then they 
have giv'n thee; we please? This worlds 
wilderness long shine these, could have; 
I keep, by some evil seek their malice serv'd 
but peace Found out of our Sentence, that brightest 
Seraphim to submit or with leave them, 
to soar Above all too light His 
lapsed powers, Terror of thee; but with ambitious 
aim Against th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus returnd: URIEL, 
one restraint, Lords declar'd Absolute rule; and 
condemns to know, and sate watch, as farr then Divine! 
Hail holy Rites, and bare outside of pain Surpris'd 
thee, Heav'nly vision beatific: by AEQUINOCTIAL Winds 
Blow moist and torne With the tenth 
on which else deep within Orb, Incredible how 
good, whether food, Love Can else in 
Glory extinct, and thee. Powers as from Heav'n, 
arrayd in mooned hornes Thir distance due, Dispenses Light 
was bent down alone Seemd in PALESTINE, and unespi'd 
To vice industrious, but was meant, nor obvious 
to com ADAM in Heav'n And Earth Wheels 
(for like Our State Left so 
