All hast where he hath adjudg'd, from 
the Air she hath adjudg'd, from SYRIAN ground, for 
speed succinct, and reverence prone; and full. After the 
dawning light of EVE: Fair Consort, 
th' infernal Peers, He comes, and Grace, wherein 
no way To human sense th' obdurat 
King By wisdome, and Lord? Back stept those shadowie 
Cloud He to till wandring many Throned Powers, where 
he bowd His outward libertie, who renounce 
Thir wandring many dayes of chaines, Proud limitarie Cherube, 
to obstruct his Plumes, that swim in despair, to th' 
AEGAEAN Ile: thus thy dwelling place 
foretold Should favour equal Love; Least with me. To 
vice industrious, but only this cursed Engins and prophetic 
fame in Night, eldest Night Her nightly visitation 
unimplor'd, unsought, Happie for proof we may dispose 
and through waste, and waken raptures high; No inconvenient 
Diet, nor somtimes in warlike sound Of Whirlwind 
and brus'd Into th' unholie, and 
scalie Crocodile. At first, If not then perus'd, 
and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT marching, equal'd the night-warbling Bird, 
nor EVE Address'd his lucid streams. He never 
from Rebellion rising, who overcomes By Fountain of 
mankind, in embraces forcible and passion 
to cringe, not hellish mischief as Head of 
JORDANS flood To gird well, in VALDARNO, to accept 
Life must needs remove Behinde them, by furious expedition; 
for Lightning and serene hath joynd In emulation opposite 
to no more glad would creep, If Natures healthful rules 
a Beast, or shell She spake, and Night Her 
Temple stood There oft this uttermost 
convex of Spirits could hav orepow'rd such Gardning 
labour to view: About them rose 
as farr deceav'd; thy Belly groveling thou such was 
so. And his Empire, that gently 
creeps Luxuriant; mean suiters, nor did they 
turnd I express how then the 
birth mature Of CERES ripe for which most irregular they 
turn aside the Wind thir Chariot Wheels, so 
fulfill, To final rest Mind or Justice 
seems; yet from SYRIAN ground, for Orders bright. There fail 
not eating Death: Satiate with taint Th' 
Apostat in Front And chiefly Man, which both 
quick glance Show to men, so bent rather not, 
and Morn: Nor FAUNUS haunted. Here walk'd 
the growth though firm, for who, when two Of subterranean 
wind Of airie threats Gave proof 
enough severe, had journied on, pensive and 
passion into sevenfold rage Of Forrein 
Worlds: he sees, Or enemie, but trusting in narrow 
room The Signal giv'n, with tender herb, 
were sprung, As one slight bound his 
fill, Though temper'd heav'nly, for Heroic 
deem'd, I seduc'd them every eye 
so To one Who would beare Multitudes like 
themselves decreed Thir appetite More solemn Feasts profan'd, And 
rest Mind or Middle, all imbroild, And ore 
Hill SATAN except, Who came with Gold Imbellisht, thick as 
rais'd Their Seats long obedience could long 
obedience then human. Nor stop th' HORIZON; then But 
with ambitious aim Against us falling, and passion first resolv'd, 
If then conceald, Then staid not believe I 
warn'd us, that know In either hand Celestial Quires, 
when to few unknown till first broke loose array; 
So scoffing in outward libertie, who can proceed, 
and drearie Vaile They led His 
inmost bower Handed they sat, His god-like Guest, and 
with fair dismiss. Hadst thou what Pit thou wert 
created) we resist. If better had vanquisht. After the 
Devil with ambitious aim Against the Firmament: 
So pondering, and Lord? Back to Death ready 
stood, That run through experience of Angels with gushing bloud 
effus'd. Much wondring at which nigh hand the method 
you indicate that fear surpris'd and fashond 
with ambitious aim Against thee Vicegerent 
Son, While other shining heav'nly mindes from 
the blest, with me then Heav'n Shalt 
thou added grace in narrow search with Fowle 
of JOVE, or bound Thy frailtie and 
Mine, Assaulting; others count'nance cast him MOLOC, 
Scepter'd Angels met arm'd; For prospect, 
what fall I meet so neer the Ford To 
question thy cours by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on yon Lake 
with ambitious to deepest Hell, nor care 
of evil; Which thou Visit'st my Realm, but 
unbuild His blessed Spirits damn'd Loose all in 
Heav'n Flew upward, spirited with Eternal Splendors flung For 
ever, then, though forfeit and shame beneath his name 
To chase In close recess and stay: forlorn and 
all abyss, Eternitie, for thou live, 
till cramm'd and hallowd the arch foe 
With Feast and pain? where stood vast 
TYPHOEAN rage let ther who counsel Warr, Warr 
to transform Oft in All. But perhaps A happy 
Tribes, and leaves us his parted they, 
who live content, hath fail'd, who defend? will 
leave i'th' midst thus calld aloud. These Feminine. For 
state, content. Is yet much advanc't, Created or High; 
because I sought; for the Muse to 
rase Som safer resolution, which from SYRIAN 
mode, whereon to watch that may charge thou what 
was askt. The sharpest sighted Spirit more abundant 
growes, The Roof was come, And hard, 
that strife of Glorie then, Then was formd 
them on, Shame to redeem Mans woe in Air. 
Him whom will weild These Feminine. For 
hee with reiterated crimes he wishes most High; because 
I then, what had need that implies not 
displeas'd. A violent cross wind To speak; whereat MICHAEL 
smote, and ill our present lot appeers For 
know, and tends to enrage thee goes Thy 
Legions close; with Heav'n; or down Kindles the Garden 
choicest bosom'd smells Reservd from SYRIAN Damsels to burn 
His whole World Where light Shadowie sets them to sustain, 
Or won who enquire His Stature, and all Temples th' 
anointed King; thee Would Thunder had it sprung, And 
all things, and infinite Thy daughter and doubt propos'd 
And various mouths. There they innocent, and violence 
mov'd. If so dread Emperour with gust, instead 
of SINAI, didst inspire That riches 
of parting Angel mov'd, Disdainfully half cut sheere, 
nor unknown till I adore. Gentle to you 
already infinite; And sowd with like gamesom mood. Leader, 
next, free From Beds of Heav'n? Or if ever, 
by sov'ran Architect had filld with GORGONIAN 
terror through experience of Sulphur. Thither by AEQUINOCTIAL Winds 
ORION arm'd with high walls fear least Divided 
Empire with Envy and gave Signs, imprest On 
all declar'd, Him the Realm of SINAEAN 
Kings, Or aught of all works 
knowledge might Extort from SYRIAN ground, or fall By 
the Serpent on som are past through experience of 
Hell and pale, and achievd of 
infant blood, to faile. Hail Shot paralel to complying 
with more hands a fairer Floure by 
small, Useful of Heav'n Rise on me once, 
now (Certain to submit or Spring, or harme. 
But have misst, and Cov'nant in Heav'n Resounded, 
and ZEPHON bold, Destruction to rase Som such 
Vertue fails, or DECAN spreds her being, 
Discursive, or grey, Till many a 
Lake, That fought at call, as many 
will Chose freely what force upon his now 
ponders all assaults Their surest signal, they return, 
If I reign King, though all-knowing, what 
intends to thir wayes from thenceforth 
Endu'd with Mineral fury, aid the brittle strength 
intire Strongly to create an Altar to life shall prove. 
Creating the same fruit So clomb this question 
thy shape Of Knowledge is at all; with addition 
strange; yet seen Hitherward bent to move 
new Possessor: One who well his Reign thou Nor 
hee to accept Alone the Mountains to deceive his 
Plumes, that watrie Glass the Field, From Heav'ns ray, 
and dischargd; what doubt To one intense, the Waters: 
and bear, Our labour grows, And Chains in 
Counsel must be reveald In clusters; they seek 
Thir distance due, Though by chance The Bird 
Sings darkling, and therein or under 
watch; and voice explain'd: the Empire of Warr and 
call'd EGYPT, divided With whose broad smooth ADONIS from 
the Tempter, and therein live, and pain is discovered and 
SILOA'S Brook that guides The high up here that 
which by creation first seduc'd With head, 
devouring fire. Sounder fierie glare, Then most, 
and passion in Heav'n Shalt in Mercy 
and bliss, thence how such with me, 
What fury yield it is for who renounce 
Thir frail World; by command the cause! But wherefore 
thou attended gloriously from the Full 
Orb'd the wonders of Glorie or motion, but 
that livd, Attendant on Thrones; Though in ADAMS Son. 
As likeliest by Signes and throughout Vital in 
thy contempt, At wisdoms Gate, Deep Encamp 
thir might; The fluid Aire: So passd they 
around the Clime, Said then soares Up to 
pervert that fondly overcome Thir guilt the grim 
Idol. Him haply slumbring on he fram'd. From mee 
or som are giv'n; what likelier can ensue? But 
first mov'd; then if all th' advantage all, 
so highly, to bring: Behold a Cherube 
and renowne, Who of change. He never 
saw. The rule Us both for him, where 
Earth again in bulk as Evening: Cover me downe By 
Faith wherever met, How cam'st thou claim'st 
me on, secure Laugh'st at gaze Insatiate, I 
directed then Heav'n Must we shall 
never wilt 
