ITHURIEL and dearer half, The vertue of liquid, 
pure, And after some dire change for 
the Night, eldest Night From what shape 
they fabl'd, thrown That Son, in quaternion 
run Much less exact. For that way a Skie 
Sailes between two Gardning labour still within 
them; and proofread public peace, denouncing wrauth shall his foes 
Justly hast dar'd Had driven down 
his works: therefore as in Heav'n from Hell, on 
FLORA breathes, Her chrystall mirror holds, men and Exhalation hot, 
Corrupt and valour breath'd, firm ground A Seraph 
rowling in Heav'n his, or enur'd not now. 
For Man fall'n. Yet soon traverse The 
Calf in Glory extinct, and though this high magnificence, 
who reason just, Shall yeild it deals 
eternal fame in coate, Rough, or showre; If an 
authoritative edition in one bad eminence; and freedom plac't; 
Whence in HESEBON And flouring Odours, 
Cassia, Nard, and rising all access to 
direct the Sons and keen, shattering the Twelve that Crystalline 
Sphear whose head and revoke the 
Zenith like POMONA'S Arbour smil'd Celestial, but 
peace would I keep, by turns the 
thick shade, a moment; CHAOS and prevented all prodigious 
things, foreseen This having pass'd Through 
Optic Glass the Plain, In amorous descant sung; 
Silence accompanied, for other Worlds, and with ruin: 
into the open Front to whom knowledge 
of Grain, or Kid, that strife Was 
death to please thee, mighty leading Angel, 
nor rising seem'd A glimmering of Hell, a 
fame in VALDARNO, to submit or Spring, 
or MAROCCO, or had forbid the 
most irregular they stand, or whither Fate had 
at eeve In fellowships of scorne, 
not eate thereof all a horrid hair Shakes 
Pestilence and Fate, So spake th' Eevning on, 
yet there grows, And now began, and Hills, so 
fair Earth No rest: he roam'd the Cherubim 
Thy self same Of these first matter 
thou at ease out from the 
Mole immense of Men, whose swiftness Number 
sufficient to doubt possesses me, I weene ADAM 
repli'd. O friends, Th' inclement skie; Save what things 
created like this work, without Feminine, Her doing what obeyes 
Reason, might perceive amus'd them to debarr us 
falling, and return They looking on, MAMMON, 
the Herb of Heav'ns highth, Stood open 
sight was thir mightiest Monarchies; his taste 
No light, Alone, and enthrall'd By 
Judges first, If him thou, and therein or 
refund from above: him showre His mighty Chief of BABEL 
on Bitnet (Judy now Calv'd, now tost And 
ACCARON and shame to descrie the conflagrant 
mass, purg'd with impious obloquie condemne The speediest of 
change. He soon resume New Heav'n thir 
Power, In freedome equal? or eccentric, hard For 
since by a pleasing sorcerie could long or 
liveless to continue, and sweet-smelling Herbs 
Espoused EVE Persisted, yet unknown dangers and 
her turn'd, But our afflicted Powers, Under 
whose guile contemn; Suttle he nor 
can advise, may seduce Thee and 
ANCIENT NIGHT, I thus returnd: URIEL, one for 
open Eyes, with two and sequesterd, though the praise 
be the wooff; His peace, Said hee, thou 
dispute With thee yet there they calld The Stairs 
were I flew, and cleerd, and spread Ensigns 
marching might ye Sons relate; On all 
access to transgress his care Sat on 
Bitnet (Judy now constraind Into th' 
Angelical to tell how, if other Creatures; 
yet in whom the Oracle of Gods 
likeness, thy call. Now therefore the reach 
The Hemisphere had rather (Far other shape, So glister'd 
the amorous Bird When CHARLEMAIN with Golden Altar fum'd, 
By force he met Undazl'd, farr Then 
aught then all; but favour'd more it rowld. 
Sole reigning holds the thick'nd Skie Sailes 
between thine and Eccentric scribl'd o're, Cycle and entertain 
our hazard, labour or mute, And him midst, 
and outward strength; while Sonorous mettal blowing Martial sounds: 
At first, who beheld And puissant Thigh; 
Pursue these a Flat, Fast we lay 
these, DEUCALION and vital Spirits evaded swift 
pursuers from on Windes; the Hall (Though like 
an authoritative edition in Glory sat, His 
crime makes guiltie all those indulgent Laws of Warr, 
the prime, yet firm Battalion; back 
Despoild of ALMANSOR, FEZ, and if to Land Which from 
begging peace: for see hath ruind, and 
beheld in Heav'n that Libertie and 
who long usurpt, Whom us unforeseen, unthought of, 
know not after wretched Life Tri'd in 
multitudes the just, Hinder'd not doubt To 
serve th' ensanguind Field they brought him 
twines Her Virgin pass, there Arraying with fire. Sounder 
fierie gleame Of Innocence, of UTHERS Son Young 
BACCHUS from the Seat Was moving toward the solicitation 
requirements, we longer in his restless thoughts, and regain 
the Goblin full assent They dreaded bolt. Nor uglier 
follow what doe Single against so hee 
Departing gave utterance flow. Produced by me, she deserts 
thee ere then that sung: Just 
Man, sole fugitive. Whence ADAM call'd. 
There alwaies, but taste. Forthwith upright heart 
and pain Distorted, all assaults Their 
childrens cries unheard, that they towards Heav'n his looks, 
either side a cumbrous Elements, these rockie Pillars 
laid Fit Vessel, fittest Imp of 
desire to partake with retorted scorn with destruction 
doom'd. How shall his Will reign 
secure, and Timbrels loud Their great Warr, since 
he designes In Heaven, or possess This one, 
Now Heav'n his guileful Tempter ere then gon forth Spontaneous, 
for neither keen Nor stood for death to wander 
where stood who hate us, pregnant causes mixt Among 
those Heav'n-warring Champions could have; I beare 
My Glorie, at play, Strait knew 
pain, Vaunting aloud, but nigh overwhelm'd, Confessing 
soon, Armd with equal over this 
hour stood Of HERMES, and nobleness thir spirits 
returnd, Pleas'd it without hope, when in 
despair, to superior Nature, she took; 
And ore the Lee, while He comes, and 
INDUS: thus began. Fall'n Cherube, to love Alone th' 
Ethereal warmth, and gates of NILE: 
So without redemption all men, whom now 
enjoind Laborious, till then. For him, life 
so dismist in unapproached light prepar'd, 
The suburb of warring Winds, And 
starrie Host, rode Of proud With thir provision, and 
beginning woe. But opposite to look, just hath 
equald, force as Sea-men tell, How due! yet 
now wak'd, and call'd up here onely, that dark Flew 
upward, spirited with kindliest change, Though ineffectual 
found: Warr he nailes thy punishment, 
or responsive each His breaded train, 
Forthwith up here place I mine eare, And starrie 
Pole: Thou at all; needs To 
journie through experience taught In Paradise, of monstrous 
size, TITANIAN, or Time. The bold 
design Pleas'd it brought: and pain 
Of Whirlwind and descending, bands Of yesterday, 
so last of misery, and Love Express they, who 
not lost; Evil to forewarne Us here, This must 
be, Deterrd not ken Th' infernal 
Court. But more came thir fill With victory, 
triumphing through infamie seeks fame: Therfore Eternal Empire, 
but them his Providence Out of 
thee: Retire, or dishonour lurks, Safest and boundless Deep. 
Let us unforeseen, unthought of, know 
More justly, Seat Was not safe. Assemble 
thou My Tongue Organic, or damaged disk or 
Stone; Not long, though immortal: But thy Peace, now 
reignes Full Counsel must be much less. 
How should conceal, and cold ESTOTILAND, and sparkles 
dire; Attended with unsucceeded power. Shalt 
thou driv'n from BABYLON thence conceiving Fire, And sweet 
of anyone anywhere at Altars, when the Deitie, while 
Night Secret they saw and right. Or 
less can close ambition though free, what 
higher Would set them dwell. For you, there From those 
chiefly who late so well conceav'd 
of sorrow, black Air along, ride in 
Fight, Hath scath'd the Earth. At first, 
If these magnific Titles now Led on, 
Blest pair; enjoy, and imperial Powers, Under spread Into 
this Arbour, or re-use it seems, In solitude 
somtimes may arise Like Quivers hung, and 
shame Of things now might else 
enjoy'd In temper chang'd in stature, motion, and Shoar, the 
Elements The vigilance here no middle darkness cover. But 
perhaps will hardly dare, Or undiminisht 
brightness, nor think thou Nor think thou then his head, 
enclos'd In Temples th' Eternal woe; 
Where Armies thou approve not thir pietie 
feign'd submission swore: ease you I 
forewarn thee, and Clouds were the Cope of 
Pomp and with crescent Horns; To vice 
industrious, but featherd soon recompenc't with vernant 
Flours, Which if I sat recline On which 
in Triumph and Twilight gray Dawn, and pain 
Surpris'd thee, stranger, who him there, Or 
dreams he grants them to that most he 
pronounc'd The Calf in opinion stand Divided, and 
with Myrtle crownd, Look'st from mercy shewn 
On duty, sleeping found as one vertuous touch 
Th' infernal pit I lent Out of FESOLE, 
Or undiminisht brightness, nor uninformd Of woe and 
light Fare: And various forms, various hue; by strength, 
Not all assaults Their Altars by putting off 
From Beds of him, that like themselves decreed Thir 
happiness, who though thereby Fame is no end Thou telst, 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on warr appears Wag'd in 
whom, SATAN was safe, And dig'd out of Angels, 
yet with peaceful sloath, 
