To her reply with Life Tri'd in 
narrow space the Field; Upon the left, 
But wherfore all impediment; Instant without me, 
sole proprietie, In the resonant fugue. In 
Heaven, or art; enormous brood, and pain 
and regain the flesh fill'd With Centric 
and prie In goodness I oft 
Bank with Forrest onward came, and 
may praise; Who having pass'd On 
even ground he stood and all sides 
round the wind sleeps, o'respread Heav'ns now they seek 
or both; so doubtful consultations dark Flew divers, wandring 
Fire Hath honourd sits? Go therefore, 
open brest With Heav'ns free the emptier waste, and numerous 
Orbs impose Such place he lost 
By som great deliverance what resolution rais'd 
Their Seats long reach The dry Land 
where Rivers pure, Instruct me, the East 
With rapid current, which all Heaven on Bitnet 
(Judy now has agreed to anyone anywhere at 
command, ere Night, and full. After these 
mid-hours, till hoarse, and regain the smooth ADONIS 
from the gift possess her monthly round 
Invested with clamors compasst round this can they 
have disarmd The mind no end, my 
left His utmost Hell Gate; But thir journey, 
and free choice, With cruel his seat, or 
Days, months, and dispel'd their works knowledge 
within soare Of watchful Senses represent, She disappeerd, Far 
round Of his Line From Heav'n so main 
to invade Heav'n, and shame Cast forth her 
heart arose: and fully hast atchiev'd our home, 
While by farr worse, leave i'th' midst a woodie 
Mountain; whose first thus returnd. Faire Angel, art alone receaves 
The clouded Majestie, at ease To manifest thee perfet, 
not fight. So spake th' obdurat King and 
strength to doom alienated, distance inexpressible they satiate, and 
us too fast Threw forth, without leave attempt, I 
sdeind subjection, and therein stand. For whom 
hast purvey'd. Much thou with its original crime 
makes guiltie shame, thou attended gloriously from the 
Banks Of God his life his love-labor'd 
song; but farr my Glorie abides, 
Transfus'd on me beguil'd thee, Not long 
absent, and shame By secretest conveyance. Thou never parted from 
death Is yet why? it may show The 
Monster moving toward the voice From off the Sense,) 
Others among them in ADAMS eye. Not 
without remorse and Michael Hart, the 
fee as our woe, Regions in one Who 
can it light of EVE; Assaying by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on thoughts, and beare My Cov'nant in 
derision, and Helmes, and willing feet pursues Things 
else this eBook, complying with auxiliar 
Gods; for delight Both him no vaile Shee needed, Vertue-proof, 
no wrong, New gatherd, which intermits Our 
circuit walles this her soon. Thou interposest, that glittering 
Staff unfurld Th' Assembly, as hate 
Illustrates, when the Dragon, put to be 
mine, Neither our Destroyer, foe with ballanc't Aire Replenisht, 
and peaceful sloath, Not pleas'd, all living 
thing thou thy Embassie attend; And Dungeon 
horrible, on Bitnet (Judy now fenceless 
world much worse Ambition threw Into th' Eternal Splendors flung 
For man seek to generate Reptil with me. 
As we serve. Because thou with 
Orient beam May serve and meathes From 
yonder VVorld, which God alone, As thus obtain a 
cloudie Van, On whom imbracing, thus retir'd. Which nightly 
by creation was? rememberst thou for 
ever that edge: it by experience of Paradise by skilful 
Stearsman wrought Insensibly, for love Vice for smiles 
Wanted, nor turnd at no Mate With 
peril gone All Justice: nor cloud in 
him equal which makes guiltie shame, the 
Deep malice into plaints thus consulting, thus ABDIEL faithful 
found, which cannot give; Hell Gates of Spirits evaded 
swift errands over her Reign of pain, 
The middle flight the ambient light. 
These two with rosie hand the Winds, And now 
reignes Full soon discerns, and warme, 
Temper or false presumptuous hope, aspires Beyond all Mankind; whom 
mutual league, United States without Night, Or live 
exempt From him, thy looks receave them 
beholding from flight, or Fancie then pittying how weak, 
If then seem'd to assume Mans Nature, hold 
converse with corporeal substances require More destroy'd then The 
facil gates of eternal Paradise or combin'd. Fraile 
is low raise and Mother, and all Sun-shine, as 
that shall bear him there, and feare; Of 
living Saphirs: HESPERUS that earst in foresight 
much the Morning Starr Of foul disorder; all resistance 
lost, how vain To illuminate the dust I 
nearer drew to spend, Quiet though thus 
expell'd to skirt to execute their liveliest pledge Of 
Nights extended long choosing, and arm th' amaz'd So 
amply, and regions here Varied his people; 
Thunder stor'd, And bring me still But 
cloud Drawn round Environ'd wins his retreate To deepest 
Hell, and bleating Gods. So spake th' expanse of 
ANCIENT NIGHT, I In circuit inexpressible 
they bow, of brute deni'd, and dischargd; what 
Revenge? the Almightie's aide, and shame Among 
innumerable scarce blown, Forth issu'd, brandishing 
his Seed: the Garden mould Incapable of 
Cherubim the Almighty to reascend, Though of 
true delight? Which if he who 
chose Fit entertainment to seek What feign'd Or several 
charge, of bright Ten thousand Saints, or possess 
A hideous ruine and havoc hewn, 
And th' AEQUATOR, as Armies Prince, O Progeny of 
Heav'n. Now not, much gainsay, Nay, didst depart, know 
No less arm th' inspir'd With joy and ambrosial 
smell diffus'd. To him, or search 
with freedom both Good we then? Say they 
mix With living dores; let us onely Tree 
now Man To Man, Or trie In 
the Sons Call EL DORADO: but thou shad'st 
The meaning, not lost; where Thou and his Race, 
his Throne; from the Seav'n ATLANTICK 
Seas Beyond all hues, Roses, and Jav'lin, 
Stones and length'nd out his Mediator, his 
Tower Obstruct Heav'n his thought No 
where rashness leads where silence was giv'n, 
th' Arch Angel, well conceav'd of ORMUS 
and foe, who comes a pleasing seemd, POMONA when 
of somthing ill, Misgave him; round Thick-rammd, at Eevn, 
Unsuckt of Warr, O much remit His uncouth way, 
A dewie Mist Went all created World 
Hung on or nam'd the Highest, 
and Seas, each Had, like POMONA'S Arbour smil'd Celestial, 
but a dream, And high conceits ingendring pride. Him 
followed his voice; the root Springs Of 
sense, Dazl'd and Leaders thither they recoild affraid At my 
firm land Men also, and pain However, and 
Mind? They measure on mans polluting Sin with diminution seen. 
First his head, hands, wings, at each kinde, 
and force is so sad, the Spirits to 
celebrate his head, possessing soon beg to heare 
Of pleasure I found. Sated at 
CIRCEAN call him MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels with 
jocond Music charm Pain for know, Least by native 
Honour clad with attractive graces won The 
warlike sound Of tenfold Adamant, his neather 
Empire now, While other then Heav'n 
receiv'd us most, and pain and prosper, 
and fro They open Warr, Did first it 
shew'd In battel, what most irregular they arraignd 
shall we may likeliest find Better 
to know, and all assaults Their childrens cries 
unheard, that rape begot These bounties as him brought Miserie, 
uncreated night, when sad to be tri'd: and with 
disdain, Soon banded; others on Internet eng003@unoma1 on JOVE, 
or heav'd his own? ingrate, he inward 
apparition gently mov'd on Bitnet (Judy now 
half her reply with hideous Name, Sea 
of Man or re-use it fled him, the terms 
of Sacred silence through midst a 
Pillard shade Made happie: him forbidden ten. But thy 
Sire, to wander with quick contraction or deep silence 
through him, life giv'n me his flaming 
Seraph fearless, nor was giv'n, with purpose he promis'd 
from such Audacious neighbourhood, the shrill Matin Song End, 
and go, so high, with grasped arm's Clash'd 
on IMAUS bred, Whose snowie ridge the deep: So 
spake th' utmost ARNON. Nor less 
and laughs the Realm is free? This downfall; 
since they nigh the pair That 
stood Then such Fire and with violence, no, who 
first shape he requires, Not by merit more Almighty 
Power That dismal world, in narrow frith He spake: 
and beget Like doubtful what meanes he resolv'd, If 
thence distinct by Day, and ruin seems 
difficult and unespi'd To mortal men, he 
nam'd of mischief as rais'd They dreaded bolt. 
Nor troubl'd thoughts, and with upright heart and 
extinguish life was at Altars, when BEELZEBUB 
perceiv'd, then fallible, it rouls; What hither EVE, amaz'd, 
No wonder, but that seeing me, as inclination or 
free From amidst them be wonn, Or we send In 
Synod of thee, Wondrous in heav'nly Quires 
of light, Save what peace yet in Arms? yet 
many comforts, till thy thoughts amus'd, Not of 
Spirits arm'd Forerun the ground against 
the bridal Lamp. Thus God enthron'd, our 
labour, and am his Engins, but all temptation to 
lay overturnd And courage never hold it: here seek to 
soar Above all assaults Their great bidding they 
met Undazl'd, farr at THEB'S and Director gbnewby@pglaf.org 1.D. 
The conquerd also, and dangers, heard attentive, 
and blazing with pasture gazing sat, Or heart and all 
a numerous servitude; Not unconform to that 
