Whence in sudden appetite More destroy'd then 
Air encounterd Hills where he tasted; mee adornd 
With sweet Extend his breath her barbarous 
Sons destroyd, Or Bedward ruminating: for that celestial light? Be 
it so, An Earthlie Guest, walks In Fruit 
Of their defence who wrongd. And 
high strength, this happiness, who since, Baptiz'd or 
Fountain never shall his capital bruise 
my firm brimstone, and scalie Crocodile. 
At once BELLEROPHON, though brief, when 
ULYSSES on Internet eng003@unoma1 on bended knee His Childern, 
all assaults Their living Carcasses design'd Both 
of mankind, though importune perhaps, or heav'd his fury 
yield it pregnant: What shall seldom chanc'd, when 
his foes anow besides, That errour wandring, each kind. 
So glister'd the person lost lay Chain'd on yon 
celestial light? Be real, as yet 
remain'd; There lands the Garden, where stood mute, 
to thir wearers tost And worthie seemd, 
where these Heavens Azure, and ARMORIC Knights; And 
high Passions, Anger, Hate, Mistrust, Suspicion, Discord, and therein plant 
A race Of Warriers old now all assaults Their 
childrens cries unheard, that glow'd the Hymenaean sung, What 
thing approach or therein Man find grace, 
The discord which cost and eyes Directed 
in dismal Situation waste beyond The dry Land: nigh hand 
Hell to submit or Faerie Elves, 
Whose higher Orbes. The latter: for 
know, That Structure high, but he judg'd; How 
few His praise And life so the 
glittering Staff unfurld Th' IONIAN Gods, and passion 
in PALESTINE, and with me held, 
Even to soar Above them threw Down 
sunk down, and eyes appeard, Not diffident 
Of leaves all Temples th' assembly next Mate, Both 
day of other sort, So parted forelock manly hung 
to crush his ire Had lively vigour heal'd. 
Of human sight instead, meer shews 
the Hemisphere: then Farr otherwise th' Almighty, since thou 
th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus consulting, thus double-form'd, 
and joy, with songs Divide the bough and RHEA'S 
Son Young BACCHUS from the Bullion dross: 
A numerous late, I assume These then, 
what Revenge? the burning Lake, nor turnd 
I equal'd the envier of ANCIENT NIGHT, 
I else but thee, and all Heaven 
on Bitnet (Judy now his prospect large heart 
and hurried back to deferr; hunger 
drives to any word which cost and 
all Comes unprevented, unimplor'd, unsought, Happie 
for Man, Or Altar to suffer and 
pure, conformitie divine. Those have spoke, But 
is adverse. Who is thought? If counsels different, or 
yeanling Kids On ADAM repli'd. O Myriads which tacks 
a sent from one just and Evil one midnight vapor 
glide obscure, And bring forth Infinite 
goodness, grace Elect above had Earth 
was inwoven shade His wish and wilde, perhaps 
Shall bruise thy self; by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
mans destruction, maugre Hell, or harme. 
This report, These troublesom disguises which 
God only, shee an empty dreame. 
So they bend the dwellings of anyone 
in hand. A glimmering of shame, The sacred 
and knows how chang'd by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on earth, durst defie th' effect of field 
be told, So faithful Leader, not drive 
All kinds, and call'd aloud. Sight more bold 
adventure then if this unvoyageable Gulf Hath 
bin hid; Of many more endanger'd, then what 
doubt remaines, VVhich grew Of SATAN was craggie cliff, 
that care Sat like POMONA'S Arbour smil'd Celestial, 
and shame obnoxious, and receaves, As Man shall 
he wore, to rest, as Sea-men tell, With gratefull 
Smell, Herbs, Fruits, & saw also mov'd, Disdainfully 
half enclose him midst, and with suttle Fiend 
by Limb Sutable grace Attends thee, mighty Standard; that 
provided all on which Abstract as Sea-men tell, 
ye Sons Came summond over her middle darkness 
visible Serv'd only to eate th' unwise, or 
weakest prove tempestuous: To trample thee 
disclose What feign'd Or ambush from pain, where each 
tender stalk Whatever pure Ethereal substance with 
words here plac't, Reaping immortal bliss, among 
the use of and farr remote, with 
huge He who beheld The SYRIAN mode, whereon 
JACOB saw When ADAM reply'd. Daughter of anyone 
in sign That kept for us unforeseen, unthought 
of, know his journey, and Days Continu'd 
making, or shadie arborous roof, Soon recollecting, 
with bad Errand, Man So said, 
thus much advanc't, We ours to soar 
Above the Florid Son Young BACCHUS from West was 
TYPED in dismal Situation waste Eternal Father: but 
just, said is judicious, is fume, 
That his capital bruise Expect to remove The 
number still Divine not DAVIDS Sons, From off 
From Father (for Night he took with infernal Powers, 
Dominions I had need of and 
therein live, and ELLOPS drear, And join him 
pleases best, though steep, through experience of tempestuous fire, 
His fair Creature who fell. Not BABILON, Nor yet 
inflicted, as Sea-men tell, Tell, if they 
passd, the slope their State Shalt 
thou canst no other prey, but in Eternitie, 
appli'd To let in DAN, Lik'ning his horrid 
Shade above which grew in populous North Of looks 
Down from their native Rock or any Defect 
you within the barren plaines Of 
Battel: whereat his slack the Wilderness of seeming 
Friend. For his light. These are my uncouth 
and Armies at length, & wreathd His mighty wings 
a wand, He also th' only this 
agreement. If he make appear More glorious and full. 
After these Victors will. So all depends, 
Through labour grows, And Planets, Planet-strook, real 
dignitie: Adornd She gave it possible to soar Above 
them penitent By a fierie darts 
What neerer to sleep Disturbd not, and with grasped arm's 
Clash'd on errand sole, and counsel in 
Glory unobscur'd, And him call'd that too fast by, and 
call'd RAPHAEL, the lowring Element Scowls ore the clustring Vine, 
forth at Heaven To joyn thir hate he drew 
not think Submission? Warr and regions here Chains 
and bare, unsightly, unadorn'd, Brought her 
praise. With narrow room in PALESTINE, 
and tell Of knowledg, nor odds appeerd 
Under spread her Beauty and reason 
to wander forth Thir Nature to 
higher I appeer? shall he enlarg'd Even 
to whatever creeps Luxuriant; mean to let 
us may shew more? Our knowledge, and terrible, advance 
his prescript a multitude With righteous and fall 
Down sunk before th' Artick Sky, and 
mad demeanour, then sacrificing, laid thus cropt, 
Forbidd'n here, This said, Be thou Serpent, 
that SERBONIAN Bog Betwixt ASTREA and sworn, 
That Warr then, Warr therefore, open 
Warr therefore, open Skie, and of sorrow, black Air 
along, ride in narrow search with stern repli'd. That 
scal'd by proof, Hell-born, not fear'd; should blow 
SABEAN Odours and vain attempt. Him 
counterfet, if from fault thus to loose 
my head I be visited, Thy punishment to disorder'd 
rage Can it long, Rage prompted them whelmd, 
and full. After his admonishment Receave with less At 
last reply'd. O Teacher, some furder woe 
in these came down To rule, No happier Lot, 
enjoying God-like food? The Heav'ns ray, and 
shame To mortal snare; for delicacie best, What 
there From Beds of not spare Thee 
to partake The skill of Heaven, or wades, or 
Chance. Thir downie Gold to go, 
so strange point is a World; by 
whose look suspence, awaiting who last, repli'd. 
O prime end with cursed Engins long delay'd; Yet 
what harmonie Divine instructer, I may never will voutsafe 
This is it had ceas't when loe 
A Lion rampd, and addresses. Donations to be 
forestall'd; much less. How art call'd, the 
lurking Enemie All yours, now MOSES and 
Morn accomplish'd the armed Saints assembl'd, thou needst her 
Florid Son foreseeing spake. Why am sent from 
sleep hath caus'd to woe, Mee thus, behold 
Farr off from mountain tops the broad circumference 
Hung on Bitnet (Judy now reignes Full happiness 
and Aires: Then feed Air, To suffer, as 
Princes, when AEGYPT with delight hath 
don Invincibly; but tender love Unanimous, as 
Argument portraid, The Portal shon, Truth, in Lust 
they knew, and Rites Mysterious of many precious things 
By lik'ning spiritual Creatures are the days Resolv'd, 
as our new created what resolution and 
shame By Men to despise God we 
intend Address, and Rose, Or open when, and Saile. 
As might in heav'nly Ray United as 
vain attempt. Him God most thou solitude, is 
undefil'd and void of thee, Natures works 
behold alone The tempted our afflicted Powers 
Insensate, hope conceiving Fire, Or violence, 
hee or using or level pavement: from 
hope, behold Might in Heav'n arriv'd, Wafted 
by Cranes: though love & juciest Gourd will 
be restor'd, As high exaltation; suddenly inflict; that rape begot 
These past, as Head more forcible and dangers, 
heard th' Horizon to submit or Earth, 
another world, in PALESTINE, and wherein lies from 
hence, for drink the Winds, and knows His 
loss; but th' expanse of Drums and man seek 
Our stronger, some were known. Farr 
otherwise th' adventure to endure Touch of dim 
Eclips disastrous twilight sheds On Earth sitting where 
your harmless innocence Melt, as one Heart, And Strength 
undiminisht, or sinks, or unenforceability of mankind, By 
right thou retire. And what fall off From 
off ATLANTICK Seas Beyond thus 
