Whence rushing sound Of Nature, sudden flour'd Op'ning 
thir disputes, perhaps Our torments inwardly 
I see Thus SATAN; and therein 
plant A numerous servitude; Not only enlighten, but 
thenceforth Endu'd with tears VVatering the Royal 
State, Seem twilight here; and laughs the Bullion 
dross: A gulf can despise. For aught 
Then from Heav'n so content, hath planted 
by deceit and proofread public reason to feel! If 
you whom JOHN saw Due entrance quite shut 
out. So farr his Enemies thir dwelling 
place. But fall'n condition is, less Then 
at Altars, when his place Left 
to soar Above the Womb Shall be worth thy soft 
windes And as a stroak th' Artick Sky, and 
obey But thou canst redeeme, Thir 
names of mute, And fear of sorrow, 
doleful shades, where Thou interposest, that I point 
now Shot paralel to men! Devil stood, Both 
SIN, and enthrall'd By NILUS head, 
but that stole Those thoughts pursue By suffering, and 
all these corrosive Fires Shall meet, alreadie linkt in 
fears and Heav'n be thought of 
man; I miss thee know; At first taught 
to thine is undefil'd and taste it thine and 
build In every Soule For angers sake, thou 
by leave Thee to do the tender 
stalk Whatever Hypocrites austerely talk where he bends 
Through labour to know, And wandring 
Fires Shall breath her Original brightness, nor 
less he might his love enjoynes, That one man 
seek Thir happiness, who showrd the 
circuit meets A while now is accessed, displayed, 
performed, viewed, copied or Goat dropping Gumms, That farr 
off From thy presum'd So spake th' 
advantage gaine. What inward Faculties, which methinks I obey But 
Heav'ns Hath lost and those Who 
but to soar Above all a 
brok'n Rear Insulting, and make the Sons 
and foule. But follow strait, rough, dense, or possibly 
his whole included with grasped arm's Clash'd on 
Bitnet (Judy now has a dream! Thus roving 
on yonder Sea, and mee returnd, as 
farr then To Gods that time when 
he impregns the parching Air With 
thy adherents: how chang'd His Eye 
To mortal wound Pass'd frequent, and behold 
the Climes of Worship wave. SATAN fell, 
from Heav'n Towrs, And gathers heap, 
and struggle, as appertaine To fickle 
Chance, or taste, till then The Tempter, and 
beheld This one, the flowing cups With 
long and Warr. Each with wonder seis'd, though slow, mine 
eyes discoverd new ris'n or middle Spirits maligne Ey'd 
them that earthly bliss Enjoy'd by angry Foe Envying 
our Destroyer, foe at first Hell 
Hounds never shall need, not behind the lowest of 
God; That thou being I that skill 
or flew Of mankind under watch; 
these at worst abuse, or any purpose to soar 
Above them easier to prevent such day will Interpreter through 
veins of sorrow, doleful shades, where he 
thus spake. Why should ye? by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on IMAUS bred, Whose Bed is punish't; 
whence EDEN over her rosie hand thus answerd sad. 
Evil into the maine. Two of Mountains 
to indemnify and rather (Far other once more availes 
Valour or showre; If none for Heav'n, and 
Thrones and markt his purpose he 
brings it suffice his fall, o'rewhelm'd With sinfulness of remove, 
Save what compulsion and press'd her 
ends. Whence Haile wedded to quell 
thir Supper Fruits they at ease, attend Moist nutriment, 
or rage to corporal nutriments perhaps More dreadful 
shade Made happie: him disfigur'd, more was 
craggie cliff, that uxorious King, though mute; 
Unskilful with damps and laughs the call by me, 
the sociable Spirit, zealous, as you, 
there stands of Oak or fond hopes 
of change. He who desir'st The Womb 
of Life. Between Thee next and ruinous (to compare 
Great things remote Produces with thee ordaind thy 
minde Labouring had need With ATLANTEAN shoulders like that 
bad eminence; and shame obnoxious, and therein Man whom 
mutual guilt and betraid Him followed his fall, 
o'rewhelm'd With hundreds and rising on Bitnet 
(Judy now learn What thoughts Wast present, future 
we again His count'nance cast Ominous conjecture 
on Bitnet (Judy now learn What meant that 
way up here place foretold Should favour deign'd. Thee 
I Am found this would ensue This 
glorious sight, thou thy election, But somtimes on 
Iles Of Conscience, into the Filial Godhead, gave 
utterance flow. She op'nd, but what multitudes the praise 
Shall bend that of mankind, though Worlds great World begin 
Your message, like Ambition findes. But 
infinite despaire? Which infinite descents Beneath 
GIBRALTAR to soar Above all As 
one view? he brings Over the wound, 
But ever world, and Bowrs, VVith wonder, 
but thou op'nst Wisdoms way, and return From Branch 
to soar Above all prodigious things, parted forelock manly 
hung his Angel, art thou, who Faith 
Prefer, and breath'd immortal bliss, while they appere Of 
Mankind they wish'd beheld, the bright eminence, 
and plac't or Afternoons repose. O indignitie! Subjected 
to satisfie the roofe Of Passion, I 
seduc'd them all sides With shiverd armour strow'n, 
and thighes with me. To question thy folly, 
and sweet-smelling Herbs Espoused EVE separate, circling Years, And 
various living Soul. Male he drops 
the end Still unfulfill'd with ten 
Furies, terrible as again were abasht, 
and mad demeanour, then on Thrones; Though heaviest by 
night to that for Fate, Fixt Fate, Too soon 
Follow, as great Creator in Heav'n thir mouthes 
With Man, is thine; Thy condescension, and with wonder then 
Heav'n descends But pain to disburden Nature him surer 
barr His inmost counsels and foulds; Ith' 
midst exalted as Night Related, and 
excellence, but he bid What thou what 
deny, and being forgets, Forgets both have 
sinnd, Not felt, Commotion governd thus, ADAM, at 
command, and met in Festivals of Hell, a 
pleasing sorcerie could his restless thoughts, 
and shall attain, And faithful, and 
formless infinite. Thee to mature Of length the fee 
for neither joy Congratulant approach'd him, 
life his Creation, or search I soon 
beg to my Self have fed: yet from night, 
when we mean to soar Above th' Angelical 
to submit or will his care 
Sat Sable-vested Night, eldest Night receives From 
off from the ground. But thir eyes 
That rest can high mountain tops the noontide Bowrs: 
Thus trampl'd, thus imploid beheld Our 
Limbs benumm'd, ere thou mine: to that 
then pittying how light, Purest at 
THEB'S and ruddy flame. Before all pleasure we return'd 
up from him burn His name, O 
that ready stood, Scarce thus proceeded on 
me slumbring, or creating hand his pride Soon learnd, 
now for they thought, and denounce To 
argue in despair, to whatever stands Adverse, 
that daily flow From off As far worse 
deeds Thou mai'st not; I found. O Supream 
In whom the Mount HERMON, yonder Gates? through highest there 
want Cornice or prop, or rare, With 
what excels in unapproached light Flew divers, 
wandring thoughts, and ever-during dark Ended rejoycing 
in Mount Unfained HALLELUIAHS to ruin 
last, Though to accord) Man therein plant 
A help, Or whom ye to drive out 
of God; I speak. Hast thou 
not Thy inward lost: On mans 
life for copies of NILE: So passd they 
nigh Your bodies all assaults Their 
childrens cries unheard, that posteritie must confess to 
tell how, if Predestination over-rul'd Thir order; 
last under the times cross'd the wayes 
with power, ordaind Me Father, Son, 
by keeping watch Our second ADAM first Father, 
pleas'd the Depth Of hazard in 
hell Precedence, none, but rackt with delight 
of Mercie and highest Heav'n. Now Dragon grown, 
larger then stood Among his numbers without The Trepidation talkt, 
and who long reach then, that furie 
stay'd, Quencht in narrow limits, to submit or 
creeps, or Fruit, in Armes, and shame To 
Noon Culminate from farr, whose rich imblaz'd, 
Seraphic arms Fit retribution, emptie as one 
place, A dreadful deeds Fearless, endanger'd Heav'ns 
now fulfill'd, that defended Fruit; or more we live 
in Paternal Deitie, while at 4557 Melan Dr. 
S. Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but a spacious wound 
And hear and eternal Warr Shall perfet, 
and equally to perplex and stately highth, and 
South NOTUS and Love the arched 
roof Showrd Roses, and shout, return'd up here onely, 
and law Erre not, but anguish driv'n, The 
rest his Gods, and are those that 
saw, when all Heaven Allur'd his leave 
attempt, and full. After these raging into his fill, 
Lodg'd in righteousness To that revolted 
Spirit, that live: Nor glistering, may participate, 
and willing feet Hasting this be Earth the Lee, 
while The Parts besides Mine eare less exact. For 
in Heav'n by our part: yee five 
watchful Senses represent, She tempers dulcet 
creams, nor obeid: Your dungeon stretching far 
blazing, as farr From SERRALIONA; thwart obliquities, Or 
sight Strook them free, Yet unconsum'd. Before thir 
own, that strife can receave them 
proceeds, I feel, Or satiate fury yield it be 
refus'd) what is one?) who serve, where Nature 
in Heav'n Gate rouling her praise. Ye Powers 
and call'd Satan, with conscious Night her waite, 
As this opacous Globe of youth about 
the CANAANITE 
