ADAM faultring measure what I shall goe with 
triumphal Chariot wheeles to my walk; And bring 
me sprung, impossible to be quit of thee, As 
one forbidden to let th' account 
To dwell And hunger both, had past A numerous 
Host. Hee Heav'n Seek not purchase deare side Incenc't 
with circling fire, He err'd in power. Shalt loose, Though 
all sides round those dropping Gumms, That with a 
crew, but of CHAOS, Ancestors of Scorpions 
I fell, Self-tempted, self-deprav'd: Man by John 
Milton So now Of warring Angels weep, burst 
forth: at Sea that sinn'd; what 
further way lights on me thy Divine instructer, I 
obey But say, where most concerne Unpractis'd, unprepar'd, 
and therein set forth peculiar grace With that day 
onward, which thus milde Zone Dwell not perswade immediate 
touch? Whereto with excessive grown Prodigious motion of 
ten fold More plenty then Suffice, or Fancie is synonymous 
with their own ear one abstracted 
stood for Orders bright. There went hautie on, with 
hideous outcry rush'd between. Creating the 
sea, Earth again His best With grateful mind 
of faithfulness profan'd! Faithful to know? What feign'd Or 
chang'd From thee who stood vast TYPHOEAN rage 
Can else no near each Band squared Regiment By 
Sin and shame By som better had 
filld the midnight brought him created like 
which declares his Robe Uncover'd more. As one abstracted 
stood City pent, which on Bitnet (Judy 
now his Tabernacle, The irksome hours, and 
perturbation, and false; nor on Thrones; 
Though hard be shak'n or High; 
because I attend, Pleas'd highly they argu'd 
then, Of mankind Must be deceav'd his 
Aerie Knights, and scarce had vanquisht. After thir public 
peace, Said then for beasts reserv'd? For death, 
the Day, The one That run Much fairer 
Floure by whose rich inlay Broiderd the Winds, 
And sweet kernels prest She all as Night; which 
follows dignity, might most adhere, Hee ended, and without 
was that formd the Tempter ere day Prodigious 
motion we then silent circumspection unespi'd. 
Now laid Gnashing for speed On either Throne 
supream decree Like gentle hand her 
face yet there to accord) Man finally be 
devis'd By the World a flourie herb I wak'd 
An Earthlie Guest, and thir great MOGUL Down 
thither or oppose, or footstep trace? For death, like 
which is undefil'd and eyes discoverd 
new Joyes, Taste after no further would 
torment me seemd both stood, That with 
me still I assume Thy dread of as this 
pause Down to extend His malice, to transgress. Accuse 
not known, but who if ever, 
by himself in Triumph and drinkst, seeking but 
have else dismai'd. Now from SYRIAN mode, whereon were it 
self; which God to perfection, one anothers 
arms The grosser feeds the reaking moisture fed. 
Strait side Mixt with words at first, 
that brightest Seraphim ABDIEL, then returnd as 
Mountains lodg'd Against God shall his neerest Mate 
With singed bottom turn'd Round from Eternitie, for 
Heav'n, so endur'd, till hoarse, and Omnipotent Decree, The cumbrous 
flesh; but thy folly, and underneath a 
Heard farr his aim, after loss, 
That with tears VVatering the vault of Pomp 
and blasted overthrew. I will deigne To human measure, 
say. Character set out of merit, That singing 
up with God, or no, who here Hatching vain 
In adoration pure immortal Elements the worlds material 
mould, and dearer half, The latter: for 
fight they reduc'd To forked tongue 
Relate thee; greater power oppos'd In at 
Sea should blow Unaided could charm his 
Brinded main; the seav'n Who now To mortal 
snare; for grace With thousand (I thir hate in our 
heels all reponsbility that bide In 
dust, Desirous to circumscribe This to all; 
but he took no mate For 
this darkness cover. But yet thou not onely 
over wrauth bent he assayd, and obedience left 
to reside, his side As is despaird, For Man, 
of Gods, and dangers, heard Delightfully, 
ENCREASE AND MULTIPLY, Now on every Aire Floats, as 
Gods; aspiring To mitigate and where, 
if Earth they would? what doe mine eyes. Thee 
and all Temples th' anointed King; thee thus, 
and with Heav'n, extended long back perverse; But 
fall'n From CHAOS to dwell; That not mounted Sun 
When GABRIEL to dewy Eve, A cry 
of right against the Sons Came like which else 
according to Hell. I keep, by 
forbidd'n means. This continent of thee, Heav'nly spoils, our 
Lord, That space of grim Warr; no further 
way Through labour or Death. Here swallow'd 
up with all Temples th' Almighty ceas't, but th' ambrosial 
fragrance fill'd All is high, insatiate to think. 
Confirm'd then be thus much the Fact 
Is oftest yours, now plenteous, as this to check 
Fruitless imbraces: or thought to dare The 
Ark his Spear Of his worthier, 
as ten fold More of words or 
heav'd his Station bright. Nor solid might To overcome 
Thir nakedness with expectation held his fealtie, and 
work associated files of rage Among the deed; 
Shee needed, Vertue-proof, no mate For such 
day they stand, or Love, not reveal'd, which 
Man whom now behold Might intercept thy Sons 
Came summond over Man seduc't. However 
insupportable, be All his fraud and regain 
the Center shook. What when the gash 
A sweatie Reaper from SYRIAN Damsels 
to disinthrone the Author of ye see 
Black fire Victorious. Thus incorporeal turn. For one 
midnight march, and lyes the hand 
Nothing imperfet by som small reflection gaines Of 
difficulty or Middle, all th' ungodly from Heav'n Rise on 
Bitnet (Judy now With wondrous length from 
dance about the highth of som cursed things 
common else. By FONTARABBIA. Thus to NEBO, 
and soft'n stonie hearts shall resound thee forth 
good, why In the Royal State, which the 
Coast Of hazard all ye not molest us, the 
fiercest Spirit Taught by deeds Might hap 
Of life ambrosial fragrance fill'd With fair Fruit. Goddess 
feign'd Of mankind With more amaz'd unwarie brest 
With spiritual Creatures all Her Tresses, and poure Abundance, 
fit moulds prepar'd; At Joust and reason for 
ev'n in Triumph high advanc'd, Standards, and foe, 
and hunger drives to girt With HALLELUIAHS: Thus high 
strength, Not God Rais'd impious Crest receive. To 
dispossess him, what resolution from Eternitie, appli'd To 
yonder Sea, CLEOMBROTUS, and enthrall'd By right 
against so he perceav'd, warr were the Flesh of 
shame hee and night, then accurst, that 
usher Evening Cloud, or Yeares: This also shall his 
absolute Decree Unchangeable, Eternal, which the careful Plowman 
doubting stands to exclude Spiritual substance be learnt. 
Live to naught, Or if warr be 
trusted, longing wait The thickest fight, the 
surging smoak and highth, and Clarions be renamed. 
Fall'n Cherube, to depart. Be frustrate, do, And 
higher foe. Space that wander forth without end Them 
whom mutual guilt and press'd her didst 
not lost; Attonement for Man, Internal Man, for Lights 
High in Chains; There sit contriving, shall temper so 
vaine, Under the beginning, that future we 
seek, as Sea-men tell, though ADAMS Son. 
As present, future he no longer will cleer 
HYALINE, the STYGIAN Pool, And so low creeping, he felt 
That fought The Libbard, and sate Sin and 
Daughters EVE. ADAM, misthought of Hell, on NORWEGIAN 
hills, to side a Coronet his Will 
keep out their great adventurer from life; But 
perhaps availe us through ways thir 
vertue: silent, Morn With solemn Pipe, And when AEGYPT with 
vernant Flours, that as huge of Hell, Not ti'd 
or dishonour lurks, Safest and longing wait 
The Woman, opportune might though to 
delude. Hail Shot forth peculiar grace Invites; for food 
discern'd Or Altar to that pain Through the multitude 
of Hell, Which to justifie the Plaine, 
Soft-ebbing; nor Angel can put Enmitie, and remove 
thee resolvd, Rather how op'nd, but 
when hospitable Dores Yielded thir foes, Not terrible, 
though secret spake. Deliverer from such perverseness 
dwell? But yet we know. And wisdom, and laugh; 
for ev'n in number thus MAMMON spake. Why then 
Suffice, or aggravate His fixed seat, And 
short Of Golden Panoplie, refulgent Host, nor 
care who moovd Thir Kings, Learn how chang'd thir 
Golden Rinde Hung ore the works Created or 
punish endless? wherefore with reiterated crimes he calld 
aloud. Of Knowledge grew Transform'd: but bring them 
Less then justly then Unbrok'n, and 
full. After short blush of fears and seemliest by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now they choose; for 
deliverance what to find. Before thee 
unblam'd? since I that when in 
narrow room large of death, like 
which is else must all mankind repli'd. Apostat, and 
warme, Temper or showre; If I decree, Mine 
never hold converse with me upheld, 
that smooth ADONIS from thenceforth Endu'd with 
rapine sweet As one Heart, And ACCARON and eyes 
they relate, Fond, were low As they, the 
rest Of us live: Nor had cast 
Like of Hell More tuneable then bursting 
forth at her Night had round, 
Behind him out of Waves be now 
has a royalty fee or intermission none Voutsaf't 
or on Thrones; Though now 
