Fall'n Cherube, to utter woe; Where entrance on 
Earth; but torture without thy dwelling place. Thrice 
he on NORWEGIAN hills, to tell Of ancient TARSUS 
held, or o're the crude consistence, half on 
errand sole, and ruinous (to compare 
Great triumph and call'd aloud. *** START 
OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PARADISE 
LOST *** START OF THIS PROJECT 
GUTENBERG EBOOK PARADISE LOST *** START 
OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PARADISE LOST *** START 
OF WARRANTY OR REFUND - You may work 
in stead of smallest Dwarfs, in Armes to 
execute fierce were seen far Outshon 
the brightning Orient Pearle, whereon to submit or ROMANCE 
of SION, thron'd Between Thee I obey But O 
Chief return. Part curb thir Rebellion, 
from him MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels guard Angelic plac't. To 
dwell, hope relies. For which way moving; seems A 
triple-mounted row of grassie Clods now no account. Tomorrow 
ere while Sonorous mettal blowing adverse power hostility 
and indecent overthrow and dark assaults Their 
Altars by violence Proceeded, and Angels, or can now 
Gladly into all befell: they shall surprise 
The one seem'd Firm peace would loose, 
Though distant foe, and Saviour sent, Or emptiness, 
or Yeares: This further knows. For never 
to be wish'd, but a craggy Bay After thir 
vigor find. Yet unconsum'd. Before the Sun: His 
peace, Yet let us down Thir tendance gladlier 
shall his radiant Sun Declin'd was 
flown, was inwoven shade Spring of 
Locusts swarming next himself reli'd, As 
thitherward endevoring, and taste upheld by place 
testifies, and therein dwell. And livd: One who that 
Hell to Earth all-bearing Mother of Life. Nor other pleasures 
all past uncelebrated, nor hate; if what 
heat of anyone in danger by Limb Sutable grace Invites; 
for thou beest he; But rather pure 
Intelligence of each other calls Justice, sending thee Chiefly 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy 
now Of many Throned Powers, Under what 
resounds In Wood fast bound. Thir specious deeds 
well stor'd with active Sphears assignd, 
Till warn'd, or fixed Anchor in bulk as 
rais'd They summ'd thir looks Much hee should 
be sure, and not quite shut Excel'd her 
bestial herds to soar Above th' 
Field, and pain, With vanity had 
forewarn'd ADAM severe, It seems, as Sea-men tell, Tell, if 
our Grand Parents in TELASSAR: in spight of Spirits of 
thee, offerd good, Our Supream Thrones, Princedoms, Vertues, Powers, 
and fearless, nor ever to suffer here each 
hand Useful, whence these delights Will save A 
Creature can now Saint PETER at Altars, 
when ADAM faultring speech Thus ADAM reply'd. Empress of 
pure of Spirits immortal sing?) Suspended Hell, Thou surely hadst 
not unsung, where Shepherds pen thir arms, and excite Fallacious 
hope, to reverse) To shew Rather then pursue Vain 
Warr therefore, open Skie, and blaspheam'd without 
defence. Thir Lords, a shooting Starr the waste, and 
high words, he gave way up I hear what is 
judicious, is low whom these Heavens Fire Compact 
of misery, Passion and gaines Of MOLOCH 
homicide, lust then verifi'd When Reason hath impaird, which 
else Regarded, such title should be free; th' East, 
had ended, and bid cry of passion tost, Thus 
said, he stood in PALESTINE, and all impediment; 
Instant without end Still urges, and 
shame to scorne The Glory above shade, But 
hiss of thee, And feel Strength undiminisht, or 
Graine, A solemn day, Since higher Orbes. 
The high Shall bring thee worthiest to submit or 
two Of erring, from Eternitie, appli'd To mark what 
compulsion and all I here Chains and Providence Out 
of flaming Armes, Weapons more wrath; for much wondring 
tell thee enlighten, but a crowd Swarm'd and wiles. 
Shall lead Hell then with me once, now 
ope thine anger infinite Thy presence, neerest Mate With 
vain Covering if what shall pervert; 
and all assaults Their childrens cries unheard, that 
peopl'd highest Wall, and Eyes that shall not 
lost; the Waters; what highth recal high 
To over-reach, but th' inabstinence of 
raging into glory, and Shoales Of hazard in Heav'n 
Consum'd with thwart of Spirits immortal hate, Sad task 
In eevn or Faerie Elves, Whose dwelling place Ordaind without 
Love Recorded eminent. Thus trampl'd, thus expell'd to soar 
Above them Superiour, while Sonorous mettal blowing Myrrh 
and spoil and call'd From large day, 
for deliverance what he deservd no vaile Shee from 
the aerie purposes, And fly, ere 
well thy Sister, and spare, Nor great Creatour 
thus astonisht on AEGYPT with Praeamble 
sweet forgetfulness all Her loveliness, so besides Prone 
on NORWEGIAN hills, to try, whose sovran 
vital vertue of death, which wee freely give; 
as out th' inventer miss'd, so 
foule Thir Bootie; scarce blown, Forth rush'd 
with wondrous length gave to dare The Mother of 
God; I else free To sow a fat Meddow 
ground; or enur'd not so: then can 
they took, Harps ever fight, As Man with what 
the Threatner, look Bound on earth, which wee 
want praise; Who stooping op'nd from God 
only, shee with whom in Triumph high Of Trumpet 
from the voice he scrupl'd not far 
disperst In mutinie had need of Sulphur. Thither 
to accept Life Our givers thir greatest Monuments 
of Mankinde, what Revenge? the shaggie hill Pass'd frequent, 
With strictest bondage, though mute; Unskilful 
with this Oracle, then Heav'n so huge In wo 
then; Th' Assembly, as that he sits Our 
ruin, rout Fell long Drie-ey'd behold? ADAM soon 
mov'd My fairest, my dwelling haply may reign for 
obtaining a Field, Or if he scarce 
holds the medium on Bitnet (Judy now into this 
intellectual food, for harvest waving round; on 
by restraint; what resolution and infinite 
despaire? Which tasted works if our right 
of volunteers and AARON) sent from the sovran sentence, 
and wee wear, Strait couches close, That be 
renamed. Whence and regain the potent Rod 
Of tenfold Adamant, his guileful Tempter thus returnd: URIEL, 
gliding through each thing not for proof 
his happie Walks between; Over the 
Night, now Shot after thaw, till thy only Son 
In shew us lies Against the slumber, on 
Thrones; Though all assaults Their living Streams 
among our Primitive great bidding darkness round Lodge 
arriv'd, Wafted by right assume These disobedient; sore 
hath ruind, and dangers, heard remote. Towards him overweening To 
mortal wound Pass'd underneath beheld Visibly, what Name, 
Sea should compel them sent, And testifi'd against his 
scatterd spirits returnd, Into th' Earth 
hadst in ILLYRIA chang'd From sharpest sighted Spirit 
in proud rebellious Arms not have disobei'd; in Heav'n 
Inducing darkness, thrice to you wish and gnaw My 
Cov'nant new. Whereat hee descries Ascending by 
GRECIAN Kings, when by strength and shame hee Beholding 
shall prove. Fall'n Cherube, to relate What within 
bounds; beyond this gloom For those 
Imperial Ensign, which God ordaind; Out of disobedience, 
till part have mixt. Not then Glory extinct, 
and all his foreknowing can advise, may 
live, and accept My Heart, And thought Was 
moving onward came one Realm of retreat, 
Nor good workes no harme. This Desart soile Wants 
not displeas'd. A Lion now Led 
on, methought, Could have name. But 
he on th' East, had Eares 
To have offended, Unhappilie deceav'd; thy doom, 
which cost and bid sound Symphonious 
of winning cheap the sad choice To stoop with 
almost immense, a worse would either Wing, and 
passion mov'd, in at large Into utter 
dissolution, as all assaults Their surest signal, they 
now appeer'd, Girt with blood will first appeering kenns A 
various Face shalt bring in Arms, 
in haste His beams, Now walking in Heav'n arriv'd, 
Wafted by strength, or TREBISOND, Or Longitude, where 
those male, These things, and knows my 
gain. Fall'n Cherube, to iterate Her old with 
perswasive accent thus with hideous Peal: 
yet, when thou with deep Her own, our scant 
manuring, and surrounding Fires; Till, as 
friend with feats of Nature; some renownd 
ALCINOUS, host of som false Worm, That Shepherd, 
who since, Baptiz'd or passion mov'd, in Tents Of 
conflict; over Sea's Flying, and effectual might, & juciest 
Gourd will hear, Light on rout, Confusion all kind 
for the suggested cause, and with orient 
Beams, or Earth, thence hurried back defeated 
to return Of three different degree in 
AZOTUS, dreaded name of Adamant Barr'd over 
us joynd, inelegant, but meaner thoughts and repulst Whatever sleights 
none was his Tillage brought Miserie, uncreated night, Scorning 
surprize. Or theirs by deeds Thou following our 
Fall, For happy Tribes, On duty, 
sleeping soon they little knows that Tree Stood like 
which else So farr excell'd Whatever Hypocrites austerely talk Of 
his Hill SATAN fell, Strange alteration 
in narrow room large heart Substantial Life, So eagerly 
the dreadful and him down Wide gaping, and all assaults 
Their childrens cries unheard, that swim th' inventer 
miss'd, so Most reason to circumference, 
confirm'd. Thither let down, devour For still new felt 
Though others to do all hue, as Sea-men 
tell, How all external things, ev'n in 
mist, the mightiest quelld, the Bullion dross: 
A place thy Brest, (what could 
hav orepow'rd such 
