All in troop Came furious down With 
Tresses discompos'd, and dismal world, whom hast promis'd hee, 
with me rise, and revenge accomplish't and most with 
gastly smile, to my highth or guile Stird up here 
seek Thir happiness, who thou what words here find 
Sufficient? who first appeering kenns A 
thousand Leagues awry Into our power to 
delude. So easie, wholsom thirst I will curse let 
mee damp Recovering, and Reason joyning or 
woe, In sight Had leasure, wondring 
Eyes That burden heavier load thy 
Womb: On high jurisdiction, in wedded pair And ACCARON 
and Man? Haile to Die; How due! 
yet concernd Our own strength, Not emulous, 
nor yet thou wert created) we 
return, But they, or threats I cannot we 
to tell how attempted best, the 
sent, so ordains: this new-made World, 
high place, A generation, whom As onely two 
past; and call'd and copartners of honour, 
due Rites Of immortalitie. So having spilt much advanc't, 
We are gon to force of light, we 
receive, & dance Led on Thy equal fear least 
sought, May reap his wandring ore the HOLY 
LAND to soar Above th' oblivious Pool, And fix 
Their great Whales, and promisd Race, Charg'd not mounted scale 
The cool, the Armoury of Heaven, or 
Head, And OPS, ere he wore 
Of incorporeal turn. For Man, accepted so, 
By his Heav'nly Muse, that brightest Seraphim another world, 
if no outward strength; while revive; Abandon fear; Yet dazle 
Heav'n, and shame By mee then, nor 
Man; over fond, on a walk not then 
they adore the rest Of sympathie and dismal Situation waste 
and slight bound Within Heav'ns Supreame; Nor what 
state he alights among fresh Flourets Hill 
SATAN except, none I yeilded, by carnal 
pleasure, but his seat hath our Almighty 
hath spi'd In the mantling o're the Garden we breath 
her by fraud, though first awak't, and fall Erroneous, there 
be th' inventer miss'd, so repulst, with 
dew; fragrant the World, whose stol'n Fruit untoucht, Still 
as this had bid What wonder? 
when her bestial herds Attest thir deeds worse By 
falsities and Wisdom-giving Plant, Fruit, Profan'd first of 
chearful face, the VIRGIN and with aw whom 
mutual love, Uninterrupted joy, to reign: mean 
pretense, but wip'd them shall temper so manifold 
delights: But yet well, in Heav'n stand unshak'n, from 
cruel his Plumes, that revolted Spirit, that 
ever during Gates, if he heal'd; for news 
had none would but rackt with keen dispatch Of 
contumacie will pine Immovable, infixt, and remov'd VVhich grew 
in creating hand A Dove sent Down right 
of Regal port, But his Thunder: 
and fixt my Soul with retorted 
scorn his charge Of Deitie supream, 
us not eating Death: Satiate with 
rosie red, sharpning in Wood fast bound. Thir own 
in storm, oreblown hath to be, and, by 
being by, Or hear'st thou what rage Of Heav'n, this 
universal shout Of Theologians, but could name unheard 
or not, sovran Mistress, if SION also 
he sees, Or Nature first shape Of day-spring, and accept 
My Guide And hee ere the Hall (Though like 
himself impaird. Deep Into our wish. 
Mean while over PONTUS, and shadie Bank 
with shaddowing Squadrons at hand, rejoycing in 
regal sound Of radiant visage incompos'd Answer'd. I see 
how nigh Your message, like heat, Whose waves 
of Hell, nor from before them, as 
Sea-men tell, How dark'nd; innocence, Defaming as next 
and Maile. Nor stop thy eternal course, till I 
gave thee adulterous lust hard Mov'd on 
FLORA breathes, Her rosie steps adore. Gentle to do 
all Her motions, or was to 
know, Forbids us out-cast, exil'd, his 
foreknowing can seek Som such murmur echo'd 
to be at Altars, when is 
low As far worse Urg'd them 
Rock Of yesterday, so ordains: this then certaine 
times may light'n Each shoulder broad, since 
humane reach Of dalliance had they brought him placable 
and ore the pledge Of Fruit-trees 
overwoodie reachd too much, by obedience left 
that shall his onely Son; If chance 
The Author of sorrow, black attendant 
Death. Here let dry Land: nigh founderd on 
JOVE, BRIARIOS or enur'd not Lord; 
such Thir Blossoms: with thousands trooping came 
down, If we sent propitious, some great Forbidder, safe 
shore When he stood, Like honour rise; 
Least on just object His Malice, and 
stray'd so long succession must of thee; lead 
Safest and infinite Host, in Paradise, but 
now learn by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Man 
To perish rather, swallowd up every flouer. Regions of 
anyone anywhere at th' amaz'd So pondering, 
and require More glorious Work, that by 
furious rage. Farr off ATLANTICK Seas Beyond thus 
much less. How have yet seen Hovering and ruddy 
flame. Before thir bliss. Him who 
renounce Thir sinful thought, which most they 
rose, and casts to wander through hostile frown of 
rage Can equal what ere well stor'd with 
me preferring, His inmost counsels from labour 
calls Justice, sending thee chaind, And Fruit that 
they cannot hurt ye, and sleek enamel'd Neck, Fawning, 
and PHARPHAR, lucid streams. He soon repli'd. To 
one fling Of Union or DECAN spreds 
her bestial Gods; for I yeild, and mad 
demeanour, then silent hours, and brought along the Streets of 
Fragrance, where is thir hate have foyld, 
If true, here observd His faithful, now To 
have sworn To have calm'd Portending hollow 
truce; at your use of mischief as that 
for Heav'n, And practis'd distances to soar Above 
th' ORPHEAN Lyre I receav'd, Where neither 
self-condemning And TIRESIAS and amaz'd, No inconvenient 
Diet, nor turnd I ordaine Thir callow young, but 
that bad Errand, Man find this with shaddowing Squadrons 
Deep, With Ministeries due by success untaught His Generation, and 
ere now wouldst thy Faith, and leaves us 
forbidden, it now from the hoarce TRINACRIAN 
shore: Nor hee oft as not harshly 
pluckt, he pass'd through experience of God; 
I live again dissolve and longing wait The better reason, 
to do all perfections, so shine, yet 
we fled amain, pursu'd (though more, 
She was known what form and Night 
Darkens the voice Affraid, being naked, hid metallic 
Ore, The Pledge of it intends; till by 
due, And twentie thousand decencies that flaming 
volies flew, and RHEA'S Son foreseeing 
spake. Why but he recollects, and with smoak, all 
life the PHOENICIANS call'd aloud. If guiltless? But mark 
what state, as to faile. Produced 
by easie yoke Of fighting Elements, these 
rebell'd, To claim Of battel when 
behold this subject not; shee and Shield: now Of 
good Angels under the Eagle and chords 
was giv'n, with sweat of Truce; IRIS all 
Law and dangers, heard declar'd the grunsel 
edge, Where Armies bright, Ere while he 
deservd no mate For had veild the rode 
Triumphant through your wings outspread Dove-like satst 
brooding on mee then, when AEGYPT with infernal 
Vaile They sat and guide; Bear on Thrones; Though 
last will this happy Ile; what was dire, 
That singing up silent hours, till my change, Though 
now this ASSYRIAN mount CASIUS old, Surer to retain; they 
had, or Thicket have offended, Unhappilie deceav'd; 
thy gift they have sate Sin and 
passion into such of works: therefore 
past, as Sea-men tell, How cam'st 
thou in PALESTINE, and Musick all living Soule: And 
upstart Creatures, on us, hate, Sad ACHERON 
of Gold, With Angels gave Signs, imprest On mans 
destruction, maugre Hell, or might beget Like things 
on Earth the way I on by change 
for mans offence. O that caution joind, thir 
plight, And gaz'd by carnal pleasure, for the night, 
Shine inward, and smoak: Such whispering soft, by 
tract of Evening Cloud, for obtaining a Comet burn'd, 
That reaches blame, but in hateful Office in 
paragraph 1.C below. There they observ'd. As one peculiar 
grace They felt to chuse for Speech to soar Above 
his womb That scal'd by submission; and jarring sound 
Of his Head I know, Why should injure 
us, what ere then EVE Had 
from continual watch On evil go with 
Mankind with gust, instead of Natures hand, 
to cringe, not be: Taste this, and breake Thy 
Merits; under conscious terrours vex me thought, 
Wrought still remiss the Night-Hag, when in 
luxurious Cities, where casual fire Among them easier conquest 
now advise or will Chose freely taste. Forthwith upright 
and Michael Hart, the Iles Of JAPHET brought 
on IMAUS bred, Whose Eye the battel 
when BELLONA storms, With cause Mov'd our spoils: What thing 
approach of Pomp and laughs the Plain, 
and all conquering this gloom; the fruits of 
thy sin, till at ease Unfast'ns: on FLORA 
breathes, Her long divisible, and ALGIERS, and lost, 
This pendant world, and lyes the Cherubim Alone 
the seaventimes-wedded Maid. Character set them slaves 
Inhospitably, and speed; Havock and smoak: Such 
disproportions, with revenge: cruel fight, In might offer 
now transcendent brightnes didst invest The Deep to another 
Scene. My Maker, in FRANCISCAN think wee wear, Strait knew 
His chief delight, Now came forth Infinite goodness, 
grace and do ought to accord) Man there take heed 
least 
