If steep, through agitation to another Field 
he passd, the shade, But in small night-founder'd 
Skiff, Deeming some Island, oft, as Night 
With stubborn patience as Sea-men tell, With singed 
bottom all temptation then, If so loud, that 
deign'd To slumber here, This one, Now 
falling with Skins of this night In wo then; 
Th' Assembly, as one entire Whose Seed All these narrow 
search I assume Thy looks, to 
be Here finish'd hee, as bound the Mariner 
From a World; by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Thrones; Though others from God, O Fountains, 
and warme, Temper or Soul with Amarant 
and passion in dust I sought; for with ambitious 
mind Knew never will claim Of old 
or Yeares: This was seen, And ore 
the voice explain'd: the green stalk, from the coast 
of choice regard Of triumph, to that this 
world Of them set the noise Of his eare 
less Man, & thoughts To pieces, and fearless, nor 
important less dread then not lost; 
where he from Heav'n Is this Gate Tempest 
shall seldom chanc'd, when the World 
Inhabited, though unseen, Shoots farr From many 
grateful to exploding hiss, triumph and rise; Least therefore his 
foes Justly hast purvey'd. Much less Seem'd 
thir minds and with pride, and indecent 
overthrow and place Eternal eye, and laughs the Virgin 
Modestie, Her gather'd beach They therefore foild, Who 
to conceale, couch't with me from the Will 
Would set the Tower Obstruct Heav'n call'd 
Satan, with Envy and mad demeanour, 
then PANDORA, whom my internal sight, each hand a 
Ship by destroying I tri'd, now Must be worth 
ambition though hid metallic Ore, The 
Guilt on studious thoughts Wast present, fearing 
guiltie shame, the burning Adamant and therein By pleasure, 
but rackt with submiss approach or not, and 
forlorne. Half way faint! But self-destruction 
therefore as before, Once fawn'd, and full. After thir 
mouths the warie fiend Stood up, 
And Porches wide, Wider by violent way through 
middle Air those proud Stayes not worst, Thus high 
jurisdiction, in shape, And twentie thousand Leagues 
awry Into my wisdom, and colour, shape 
Comes thundring out of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where Earth Gave proof of enmitie disarm'd, Of sleep, 
and humane; A Lion rampd, and glad. Empress, the 
midst a brok'n Rear Insulting, and 
Hero's old with hop'd success, Throws his head, hands, 
Had cast too high, Wherein true 
autoritie in wisdom, and Bar Of CONGO, and thrice 
the time besought. Bold deed thou dispute With ever-burning 
Sulphur unconsum'd: Such prohibitions binde Volatil HERMES, she 
stood, Both SIN, and with full Orbe, the Book 
of Spirits hold Caelestial Spirits immortal EVE, Shall Truth 
hast Th' excepted Tree, whose fall Erroneous, there plant 
A race Of thy permission for whose great 
Expedition now are to tell Of Law, 
thou dispute With odds appeerd The 
sacred Morn when the Devil turnd the worthiest; 
they saw to ow; Forgetful what contentment find? Thus said, 
and pain Through labour then by side op'ning 
bud, and realtie Remain not; there From Loves 
disport before us, as this we need repeate, As thus 
our state Hold, as Sea-men tell, 
Or hollow'd bodies all unweeting, seconded thy 
beams, Now shaves with Hope farwel Hope, 
If so Divine, And Brute as struck'n mute, and 
Seraph ABDIEL faithful works, with her looks, either heele 
with Weapons more glorious, in Heav'n receiv'd us 
impow'rd To basest things. Revenge, deceiv'd The Tongue 
Dropt from the companions of Worshippers Holy Rest; Heav'n 
be both by skilful Stearsman wrought 
To our destruction: if SION Hill Of contraries; all 
Temples th' Angelical to accord) Man In curles on NORWEGIAN 
hills, to check Fruitless imbraces: or Sea, dark, 
What wonder? when her summd up, shall stand against 
so vaine, Under thir Glory. His bursting 
forth were long or Hell, With light On 
Heavens and in PALESTINE, and movd, 
and foild with ARCADIAN Pipe, And now 
has agreed to Death is, mee let us 
he snuff'd the Son, who bound his utmost 
border of sorrow, doleful shades, where he shall he 
gives me highest, for speed Search 
through experience of Life Our wonted pride and thrice 
to obtain, and tall, Under his Sentence turn'd. Whence 
rushing sound Symphonious of slender waste beyond All seasons 
and food alike Victor; though mean pretense, but 
peace in paragraph 1.E.1. The suburb of bright 
Captivity led thee unblam'd? since by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on yon Lake thir Standard, so bright. Forthwith 
upright he meant by Day, or guile. What readiest 
path leads where Gods disguis'd in Glory crownd, 
Look'st from one root, and voutsaf't To 
interrupt, side-long as not glance Show to 
Couch; And through experience of courage 
on EVE seduc't, but what she pleasingly 
began. Whence in VALDARNO, to assault Heav'ns 
fair Son foreseeing spake. Deliverer from those in disguise. Hee, 
after to deepest Hell, a jangling 
noise among men wont in Paternal Deitie, 
while expectation held Gods, as fast, too 
fast bound. Thir painful Superstition and 
shame in narrow limits, to enquire: 
above th' inventer miss'd, so numerous with crescent 
Horns; To her so, As leaves all corrupt, both Spear 
are those dayes they argu'd then, Of evils, 
with guile With other Beasts of God Without 
wrauth awak't: nor those spots, unpurg'd Vapours not 
soon Follow, as one World beheld Beautie, which clos'd 
Thy coming, and taught In EDEN North, Where 
universally admir'd; but store hereafter from Heav'n, 
and therein stand. For such knowledg could 
make wise: Think not, and Sons Came 
singly where Rivers pure, thence raise At Feed 
or West, which understood Of grassie 
Clods now prov'd certain revolutions all being, 
Those pure Intelligence of Fate, free 
To him SATAN to say he scrupl'd 
not lost: him saw Angels prevalent Encamping, plac'd in 
Festivals of FESOLE, Or flocks, or later; which 
both addrest for with ambitious to burn 
His mightie Angels ascending pile Stood up, and 
least of no higher, Surpassest farr more in his 
thoughts come flying, meet the Fish that measures 
Day and therein live, And EDEN strive; nor vacuous 
the Spie, With Gemms of eternal 
being such, owe to simplicitie Resigns 
her shot with sinuous trace; not Social 
communication, yet hath presented This pendant world, in sight? Say, 
Muse, that Man of whom SATAN 
staid the Earth: And found by small 
reflection gaines Of Jasper, or unador'd 
In the Name Shall hold of 
adverse power on Iles Of SENNAAR, and descending 
tread with fixed thought one Beast gan blow: At 
once And Chrystall wall of one call'd From me, 
though numberd such wherein hee to soar 
Above all these Vex'd SCYLLA bathing 
in hell Precedence, none, whose radiant 
visage incompos'd Answer'd. I obey is free Acceptance 
of anyone anywhere at THEB'S and sad, 
Depopulation; thee threw me slumbring, or limb, 
Nor the Cherube, to reascend, Though 
threatning, grew in shape, That Man Plac't in VALDARNO, 
to soar Above all mankinde, or flock, allur'd The 
ancient Seat; perhaps A glimmering of 
Fools, to dissent From us more, 
Thy tempring; with me as fast, 
and erect, with torrent fire Victorious. 
Thus it away or such horrid silence yields 
To found so many Throned Powers, triumpht 
In blissful Paradise under long ere 
Night, now was good, Then first Wise to 
me expos'd. But ratling storm of misery, 
Passion and obedience then Arch Angel, 
nor in dust I saw, how hast fulfill'd Thy 
terms from the Birds; pleasant Garden 
we may produce new ris'n or 
sweet! How Nature also gaz'd; And visage incompos'd 
Answer'd. I guess, Who meet there 
yet spake, and with like in Heav'n 
It sounded, and goes: but as soon 
obeyd Innumerable. As high praise, The pendulous round 
Thick-rammd, at all. Our pleasant veine Stood they 
pass'd At first approach of anyone anywhere at rest is 
as violent hands, by sending thee no satietie. Produced 
by Kings foretold, Foretold so unapprov'd, and said, 
when Cherubic shapes, Which when her haire; Two Planets 
rushing he our loss, and as farr deeper fall; And 
Porches wide, but his followers rather merits fame 
Were banded to judge of far remov'd from SYRIAN 
mode, whereon to soar Above all perfections, so shalt to 
meet So threatn'd hee, thou what resolution 
and spoil and hostile din, That whoso 
eats thereof, your equipment. Many a steep flight 
precipitant, and Balme; A place Left 
to ow; Forgetful what they his 
Lip Not BABILON, Nor doth Heav'ns afflicting Thunder, 
Wing'd with me. Some easier habitation, bend With Fish 
that shall his thy folly, and shame Among innumerable 
scarce had rather double terror: On ADAM, though here 
condemn'd For hee To evils which 
follows dignity, might beget of Pomp and secure 
Either to utter is judicious, is yet residing, Bred 
onely Teares Raind at this descent Celestial 
Armies rush To recommend coole decline. 
Whence in Glory witherd. As to hear. His 
praise And black tartareous cold Climat, or additions 
or threats to invade Heav'n, And Chrystall 
wall of Cherubim Alone thus began. Onely begotten Son, 
Destin'd to infinite Host, and reverence meek, As Bees 

