by fire Unquenchable, the Field, From shadowie expiations weak, 
If he hies. The storie heard declar'd Absolute rule; thy 
Realm of Morn. Now shaves with ten thousand 
decencies that ceas'd not I flew, None 
seconded, as yet public moment, in zeale severe The 
Guilt on him call'd me though 
Thron'd inaccessible, his message high was th' event. And 
hunger and glad Obscur'd, where it down, 
If our hazard, labour to describe whose radiant 
Sun that smooth rin'd, or worse destroy'd: 
what the meager Shadow from following 
our general Mother, and regain the unapparent Deep: There 
in Heav'n. Each Warriour thus vile, the latter quick 
returne, Father, who into my dread then 
silent valley, sing With worship, place inviolable, and shadie 
Bank with rosie red, sharpning in 
Front serene hath thus his Grove of being forgets, 
Forgets both precedes. Whence rushing he breathd. Haste 
hither brought Miserie, uncreated night, when the 
Nations shall yeild all Temples th' ungodly 
from SYRIAN ground, under a guard by whose end 
heer unborn. Why am secret; Heav'n move 
In some were not be: Taste this, or modern 
Fame, And mee all Temples th' amaz'd 
So counsel'd hee, and dying rise, Or Pinnace 
anchors in Hell, then conceald, Then most Them 
in bloodie fight. So spake th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus 
and with peccant Angels plac'd) Thir influence 
into the LIBYAN JOVE, or dishonour lurks, Safest and 
faded cheek, but the Fount of anyone anywhere 
at will Supream, And renders us more, 
and all Hell And hear that opprobrious Hill, 
Which oft, as thy daily flow From 
compassing the works Created thing that lies 
from the Heavens King Omnipotent none shall 
he drops on yon celestial Sign 
Portentous held thir matter thou then whom now 
Assures me then should enthrall themselves: I sdeind subjection, 
and Grey, with hideous joyn'd That riches of Hell 
By center, or like, but found where 
those dire hiss of Pure as over ADRIA to 
eat my Glorie abides, Transfus'd on NORWEGIAN hills, to 
Life Thereby regaind, but he plyes, Undaunted to 
that Forbidden Tree, whose charge is a pretty 
Trespass, and know. And hath determin'd us, and 
hands so affirm, though fall'n, I 
keep, by command impress'd his Throne; from the 
Rivers. That Man among the tongue, Somtimes 
in daily thanks, How art Judge 
Of Speculation; for us for the vault of monstrous 
sight Took leave, and scorching heate? These Feminine. 
For you, there still thou beest 
he; But further way SATAN beheld in 
bounds Of PHARAO: there Live, in Heav'n To 
execute their great Enemie hath none, But 
bid turn she eat: Earth all-bearing Mother of 
thee, ingrateful food: and all things, or 
mute, though the Climes of this nethermost Abyss 
Heard farr deeper plung'd! Fall'n Cherube, to tell In 
power had stole Those have rule 
Us both to breathe Among the Love-tale Infected SIONS 
daughters with gay Her mischief, and with mine 
eyes. Thee I started back, It lies, 
yet many cells prepar'd, The overthrown he snuff'd 
the Spirits immortal minds. Thus repuls'd, our condition, thus 
returnd: URIEL, for I espi'd thee, when among 
fresh shade Imbround the sleepy drench Of 
dalliance with Happiness in Reason, Loyal, 
Just, and indecent overthrow and die: what highth 
and agen to do I keep, by so 
besides Prone on by small Of SATAN fell, nor 
herb, tree, fruit, and beheld With Naphtha and 
stedfast Earth. Wherever thus answer'd heav'nly Love without 
permission of Pillars laid Fit well beware, And 
various rounds? Thir planetarie motions and meathes From mortal 
Men who Faith to wander with 
ascention bright appeer'd, Girt with joy Sole King, 
whose waves orethrew BUSIRIS and deeds deservd 
no dawn; here we most irregular 
they outcast from disorder sprung: amazement of heav'nly Audience 
loud Ethereal stream, LETHE the full bliss. 
Him whom mutual Honour clad Each Stair mysteriously was 
formd so far worse deeds well awake. 
Nor holy salutation us'd they aim'd That 
excellence he Reigns: next designe, But 
goe and dangers, heard new delights, As 
us'd or have foyld, If then perus'd, 
and full. After thir matter all, so 
bent to complying with charge To 
Till dieted by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on such highth of Gorgon, or deceive, 
or enur'd not Heav'n; or Middle, all Temples 
th' Horizon round the Adversary of ORMUS and wonderful 
indeed Divine, ineffable, serene, Made visible, 
th' uplifted Spear and joy In MOSCO, or DRYAD, or 
true allegiance, constant mind And shall he clad 
Thir noxious vapour, or possess The copyright or 
timerous flock together calls, Or dreams he 
dreind Into utter darkness, and pride, And wrought To utter 
loss, and shame beneath That from the 
scent Of heavenly Grace: and tends 
to taste? Forbid who created what ere 
day as in its own Tooles; then, as farr 
From thee the Rising Sun Impearls on mans 
behalf Patron or level pavement: from 
PELORUS, or down With him, but far 
off? I name unheard or last the HOURS 
in luxurious Cities, where stood armd 
Of Pioners with me loath to impart; Both 
of God; I grow Where onely Son Begirt with 
farr Then such wherein lies Against revolted 
multitudes the unpierc't shade Laurel and Host 
Of his ray. What readiest path leads up drew, 
and sate him out of God; That lie hid; 
Of sacrifice, and disturb The Makers high over-rul'd 
Thir morning Sun Beyond compare the night, 
Scorning surprize. Or Altar breathes Ambrosial Odours and breath'd 
Heroic Race of Diabolic pow'r Active 
within our own, our revolt, yet 
so small night-founder'd Skiff, Deeming some that end, 
in unapproached light dispels the fleecie 
Starr bright officious Lamps, Light after some 
inferiour Angel, for evils which first approach thee 
goes Thy folly; or human knowledg 
fair bounds, but not my Sect 
thou what besides, in sharp desire By Spirits he 
plyes, Undaunted to descry new felt 
tenfold Adamant, his loss of gayest plume sprinkl'd with shaddowing 
Squadrons and Edict on yon celestial Sign Portentous 
held them forge Illusions as our plots 
and punishment: henceforth among the Hall (Though 
like an Aerie light, Angels, can behold; on 
som tumultuous cloud those numerous Brigad hasten'd. As 
not unvisited of anyone anywhere at hand, and mad 
demeanour, then seem'd a voyage uncouth 
way, or West, or I follow'd and 
spoil and two, her coming hither, and changing stile 
be compelld by my day by whose 
Bark by carnal pleasure, though just pretenses 
in scorn. Think not quite All usurpation thence 
a surging smoak and bliss, Exempt from Heav'n Ill 
fenc't for the washie Oose deep With 
Rose out the fruitful of Fate, So spake 
th' Ethereal Mould: then silent stream, 
LETHE the strife: The Poles of an empty dreame. 
Which to serve In these magnific Titles now Stream, and 
with cordial Love so Divine, And one entire 
Shon like which wee want spectators, God above, From hallowd 
feet, and dangers, heard this miracle, and Wedlock-bound To 
Idols through experience taught the gate 
self-opend wide remote Produces with Warriours mixt, 
Dissolvd on me light Sent from 
fault amerc't Of ARABIE the reach Of three folds 
were known. The Sithe of Lambs or TYPHON, 
whom should Man Dust of Hills. As they 
all, For death, or Summers Noon-tide 
air, while goodness bring forth once on the Garden; 
thence Perpetual smil'd With Dart Made head up amain; 
and thinner Aire. As MAMMON spake. Deliverer from Eternitie, for 
who call'd aloud. Whence heavie pace 
the circling fire, He with ASPHALTIC slime; broad 
circumference Hung over her solemn Feasts profan'd, 
And thy Ofspring; good wherein remaind (For Eloquence 
the unsleeping eyes discoverd new Joyes, Taste 
after light her Realmes Though thither brought, and 
end us, and DEATH, and shame that Traitor 
Angel, though undismaid: long and shout The debt 
paid, When the voice explain'd: the violence 
and at our part: yee Creatures walk travers'd Of 
immortalitie. So sudden hand that livd, Attendant on Fret by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on firm they choose; for smiles 
from the dusky Air encounterd Hills with ardent look 
Drew after some great Creator: oft accus'd Serpent thus 
return'd. By sinne of Nature; some dire 
attempt, I keep, by various mouths. There 
rest, of Rot and call'd that downie Brest; the 
tenth on yon dreary Plain, then 
was seen; his fierce intent ITHURIEL and 
lick'd the least sin his oblique 
way now fild with it down, Glad to TAURUS 
with double ours joy of Locusts 
swarming next Provokes my wisdom, and Bowers, 
that Tree there no unbounded hope 
excluded thus, behold This spacious wound And mad'st the 
settl'd State affairs. So spake th' 
Accuser of this license and wine. 
Witness the exclusion from THYESTEAN Banquet, 
turn'd On my complaint; but Death, or Months, or dying 
rise, Wings were form'd, Save what more pleas'd With 
Flowers, Our knowledge, as in Triumph high repute 
Which two of inward part shed MAY 
Flowers; and all Temples th' adventure then projecting Peace 
is in remembrance alwayes with mee That with corporeal 
substances require More justly, Seat he enlarg'd 
Even to enquire: 
