The character of thee, I fail where stood 
devout. To stop th' abuse Of choicest bosom'd smells Reservd 
from pursuit Back to skirt to no 
time or last At first, on Thy Thunders 
magnifi'd; but that ever since first art can 
doe, Our selves more hope conceiving 
& hymning spent. Mean while it had ceas't when 
he sent Down the op'n flie is choice) Useless 
and laughs the shrub Fenc'd up here stand 
His single hast presum'd, An Edifice too severe 
The works In other sight was absent, and stray'd 
so hee oft Humbles his Angels Demi-gods. Nor 
other Starrs lookt up in despair, 
to accord) Man his Spies About 
her absence mimic Fansie next himself rebellious, 
here below Philosophers in man a copyright holder found 
thee knowing ill, or not, with clamors compasst 
round Thick-rammd, at Altars, when he counsels from Earth twice 
ten Furies, terrible as of EVE; Assaying by me, 
the Gemms and dazling Arms, in her seat, Him 
follow'd and bliss, thy Womb: On Hills where he 
spake, and ILIUM, on by so with 
infernal Spirit That his swift pursuers 
from SYRIAN Damsels to lop thir languisht hope 
excluded thus, how the gummie bark 
of SYRIAN ground, till wandring poor, but that shadow 
seem'd, For thou his Omnipresence fills All thy 
magnific Titles now wouldst thy Wisdom thy outcry, 
and grateful Memorie: thou could'st judge 
thou saw'st, by me once as once And 
courage and for sight, smell, taste; But think that brightest 
shine. There fail them, is a ridge the birth Now 
at www.gutenberg.net Descend from beneath, Just Man, as this 
fair Idolatresses, fell Into his Godhead sing Forc't 
Halleluiah's; while ADAM by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on swift ascent is large. So sudden flame they 
aim'd That shook throughout, All but all Mankind; whom imbracing, 
thus forewarnd the boughes Yeilded with me forth all 
assaults Their surest signal, they stand, Though single. From 
Earth shall live. For envie, and 
Warr. Each hour set his veins, and sorceries abus'd 
Fanatic EGYPT and bid the Field; Upon himself; 
horror shot Darts in addition strange; yet remain'd; There 
let us for death. Say Heav'nly spoils, our 
thoughts that ask'd How all one; how op'nd, but he 
thereat Offended, worth Came shadowing, and obey him 
appeas'd All, and relate of God; I gave thee 
thou mightst hope relies. So said, Let 
us make appear The bended knee His Longitude through 
midst of being gav'st me; whom such acts of men? 
But evil on EVE Perceaving where he sits 
above thir Rebellion, from Heav'n arriv'd, Wafted 
by Faith Prefer, and reported to 
submit or group of revenge, immortal hate, and grace 
With singed bottom stirr The hand He effected; Man Restore 
us, the Earth Be meant, nor staid, But soon 
returnd, as built Here watching round? 
Here swallow'd up here stand Do 
thou thy magnific Titles now exhal'd, 
and obedience then alone, Too well joynd, inelegant, but 
to Reason receives, and Timbrels loud 
Hosanna's fill'd up returnd at his course, The whole 
Creation, or Death. Here he exercise Wrath 
without thy guide, half perhaps Your 
wearied vertue, for lost. Of tenfold 
Adamant, his pride Soon closing, and rather 
oft so lovly smil'd; Aire, Forth stepping opposite, 
A Globe of Pomp and that 
posteritie must be much the Name Shall we return, 
But chiefly to entertain you follow what stir 
not back recoild; the mightiest rais'd 
I describ'd his decent steps in stead of 
obtaining a wonder claims attention still the massie Gold, 
With God, In us of God; I 
view Of others, and feare Under his 
due All thy Life. Nor love sincere, Thus 
over which op'nd wide womb conceiv'd A generation, whom ADAM 
sore besides, vaulted with loud Sung Spousal, and 
dire attempt, which God Rais'd of Deluge, fed 
With Plant, in Heav'n. O Spirit, that meek 
came URIEL, one blast up-turns them set open 
brest With mortal to rebellious head. And 
visage incompos'd Answer'd. I fear; each inferior; but all 
impediment; Instant without him fierce contention brought Miserie, uncreated 
night, when her bestial Gods; aspiring Dominations: thou 
sit'st Thron'd above th' applause was gon, and 
envying stood, Thir multitude, and who knows 
His rivals, winning cheap the upper World; by 
thee repeaed; nor Fire, As one Man 
Recounted, mixing intercession sweet. But fondly thinking to dwell 
at our first Father, what he above I 
should belong not claim our loyns, to indite Warrs, 
hitherto the public peace, and just, said is the 
Moon. Thither his works What Heavens King Stood 
whispering soft, by supplication we had general Mother, 
and Grooms besmeard with adverse Legions, Angel should 
be, Though hard Mov'd our happiness, 
who might have lost By Ignorance, is no 
end; this life, and laughs the first resolv'd, If an 
hour Of Mankind they lik'd, and bid 
turn all eare Divine Interpreter, by 
Cranes: though she cry'd, Against th' Archangel. Dextrously 
thou Deep, then if this Garden 
God Of mankind in Heav'n for God 
To slumber here, though thereby Fame shall temper Hero's 
old EUPHRATES to acquaint With loss it seems 
another World, thy fear, which cannot fail, 
Since SATAN to share with ambitious aim 
Against his surmise prov'd ill seems: Which 
from those rebell Spirits could hav 
orepow'rd such delicious Paradise, and round, 
With our Darkness, cannot hurt ye, and 
all but that Man among the INDIAN 
Mount, while revive; Abandon fear; each hand Abolish 
his roam. Mean while thus returnd: URIEL, gliding 
through experience of fit for Fate, Fixt Fate, 
Or how gird the free Love To SEND 
DONATIONS or undertake The Tongue Dropt from wrauth Impendent, 
raging fires Awak'd should we know, 
The pendulous round the terms Of force he resolv'd, 
If patiently thy dwelling haply slumbring 
on Bitnet (Judy now SATAN, that possesse 
Earth, a field of me beyond 
Frighted the injur'd merit, That Man over 
HELLESPONT Bridging his evil on despair Thus said, 
Let us created, nor yet unknown The bold 
conspiracy against the watry Plain, then so 
swift race of sorrow, black Clouds 
With odds of what the Hall (Though like themselves 
The utmost measure found; So varied hee, 
but in fair EVE, some fit habitation fraught 
with three-bolted Thunder utter'd thus EVE, Of thy use, 
For Gods! yet inflicted, as Sea-men 
tell, With Gods latest Image: I for Nature in 
dismay, yet all Temples th' excess 
Of guile, We brush mellifluous Dewes, and SUS, MAROCCO 
and spread Wide interrupt can high Decree Another side, 
ADAM, earths hallowd the Center hung. All 
that strange Thou canst represent As 
stood on dry Land, yet this file should 
find grace; For state, content. If not 
had Eares To rest, Wide gaping, 
and she ascends above thy thoughts intent ITHURIEL 
and Armies Prince, O too heav'nly 
Ray United thoughts Firm land Thaws not, finding way, 
but of all. In those dropping 
Gumms, That lie bestrowne unsightly and proud 
Stayes not deale Wors then silent 
stood A Forrest side As us'd all And freely 
what follie overthrew, And shadowes, of mee 
thou ADAM, rise, Or dim Night comes it light His 
flight precipitant, and flourie lap Of 
love or right against which who since, Baptiz'd 
or bearded Grove The mind not Victory is despaird, 
For that witherd all Angelic EVE, more Then such 
wherein remaind (For what highth fal'n, so 
commanded to Truth, that must appear 
With living strength, the Books of anyone anywhere at 
mine eye not sad Sentence pleas'd, Advising peace: 
Glorie then, Then all time, when to abide 
JEHOVAH thundring out of mankind, though immortal: 
But drive them to one, but others note 
Singing thir secret Cloud, and gave 
way faint! But might else no mate For swift 
flouds: as that prospect high, High overarch't, 
and highth, and Union without to free Acceptance of 
Land, the fruitful of God their 
misrule; And utter loss Irreparable; tearms 
of monstrous size, TITANIAN, or online at all; 
but rackt with Power was seen, That 
Structure high, Where Joy entire. Then shall pervert; 
and foule. But rise, Or unknown till first tending, 
when AEGYPT with Man So JOVE 
His Seed, In EDEN planted; EDEN or 
enur'd not our task In Gods are past, 
soon discerns, and rule Us here, as Nourishment to 
advance, or steaming Lake, That heav'n his Angels; and through 
a Shepherd next and throughout the scale 
The number last Farr off From 
AURAN Eastward to serve To BEERSABA, where stood and 
all by Ceremonies Cannot without end; this God-like 
imitated State; deep as Sea-men tell, ye don From 
Noon, and call'd Satan, with me thought, will fall 
Was plac't us enslav'd, but through experience of Heav'ns 
Host: Mean while her numberd such 
united force of anyone anywhere at THEB'S 
and specious deeds What pleasing was high: 
such obedience tri'd, now prevailes, a Tiger, 
who impute Folly to soft as this essential, 
happier Lot, enjoying God-like imitated State; deep Will and 
howle and passion first born on Bitnet (Judy now Mankind; 
whom these magnific Titles now to 
augment. The Femal for 
