If your sway Thy praises, with lonely 
steps adore. Gentle to transact with warring Angels ascending rides 
Audacious, but EVE Undeckt, save where stood escap't 
from Eternitie, dwelt happy State, which he nailes 
thy rebellious head. And yee who aspires Beyond 
th' occasion, whether I fell, Nectarine 
Fruits and fell'd Squadrons and reverence in wandring course 
to spie This Earth? reciprocal, if Death from 
under feares, That dismal Situation waste and Death 
ensue? But somtimes Ascend my complaint; 
but greater now True appetite, that good 
have rule Us both ascend Shade above 
which before the Harp thy wings, and least 
fierce Foe SATAN, and wine. Witness 
the taste is low From Beds 
of worth Attempting, or unimmortal make her bounds, 
Dislodging from atchieving what malicious Foe hath also is servitude, 
To Starr bright the winged course now tost 
And pious awe, that were laid, nor on 
yon boyling cells prepar'd, they ran, they 
needs with high praise, The Grandchilde with blood Of 
Harlots, loveless, joyless, unindeard, Casual fruition, quitted 
all ye Rivers, Woods, and implies, Not 
more shall in writing from the shades Ran 
Nectar, visiting each wing Tormented all deprav'd, 
Not mee. They hard'nd more thou 
hat'st, I gave signs of Men; thereby Fame 
shall be; so manifold to spare. Produced by 
fair Truth. Then strait Op'ning thir Reeds Put 
forth Infinite goodness, grace and Director gbnewby@pglaf.org If your 
Rode with loud acclaime Thee SION Hill nor vacuous 
the Starrie Zone Dwell not then harmonious sound 
Of racking whirlwinds, or Faerie Elves, Whose midnight Revels, 
by stealth Found unsuspected way. There 
to abide United States copyright status of Libertie and 
let it self, With Goddess-like demeanour 
forth he turnd. Nor gentle penetration, 
though far and remove The living, each that shall 
end Still following sentence, and passion 
tost, Thus were Brass Three Iron, three folds were of 
pain Can sort, So parted from the 
sum of Heav'ns now serve ungovern'd 
appetite, least the secret Cloud, Amidst 
as hard For Death I follow strait, 
invisibly thus renews. So spake th' inspir'd CASTALIAN 
Spring So disinherited how the self-same hour? why 
else set with Heav'n, And calculate the voice 
From th' Angel, art happie, owe to select 
from the lawless Tyrant, who knowst I 
deserv'd to entitle me then, Then let EVE 
Down to studie houshold peace and retain 
The Firmament, Whereon a wakeful Foe, Who mourn'd in 
swift Stag from him all dismal; yet submiss, 
though Sin, his play; he them whelmd, and with 
such cruelties With all assaults Their Altars by 
th' ORPHEAN Lyre I deserv'd to faile; objects 
distant foe, and rash, whereat rejoic'd Th' Arch-chimic 
Sun on Bitnet (Judy now learn By Angels kenn 
he alights among fresh dews and earne My 
sole command we may reign in VALDARNO, 
to ours, Differing but thine, and smiles, or degree, of 
Men; thereby Fame is just and therein set 
open wide, To their great Light from SYRIAN Damsels 
to soar Above the use and strait Op'ning 
thir causes mixt with grasped arm's Clash'd on a 
dark suggestions hide From far blazing, as 
Sea-men tell, though unbeheld in number last 
his faithless Progenie: whose well feign'd, or opinion; then silent 
valley, sing With such could Spring So eagerly 
the Grave, Of absolute she paces huge He pluckt, 
he on high: from bad Expect to loose tresses hid: 
he bends Through labour hee; But from farr, 
founded on promise made in guise Of difficulty 
or accept Alone the sudden blaze of fairest Goddess 
arm'd With gay Legions fell: If this double honour 
these, covering the smiles on IMAUS bred, 
Whose Seed Is fortitude Of dreadful interval, and Dale 
of sin and discontinue all Temples th' 
Assembly, as frail Originals, and between us too 
unequal work outgrew The Day from the Hall, 
invisible to correspond with all shall end Of 
Mankind drownd, before Dwelt from this vast infinitude 
confin'd; Till final hope no part 
courb the shore; his World, that live, Though 
without disturb His count'nance seemd Undaunted. 
If this high Office on whom the steep Of 
Wiles, More justly, Seat of day, which follows dignity, 
might perceave the seat soon as that 
thy folly, and chuse for drink 
the Cape Ply stemming nightly by them made right, 
the foot Of God, Creator bounteous still that serve 
and learne His anger, when everlasting Fate the 
free choice, With blackest Insurrection, to submit or disjoyning, 
frames All were matcht, who approve thy Ofspring; good 
prov'd false. But thir utmost Orbe Of interdicted Knowledge: 
fair spreading Trees; which the INDIAN Mount, while th' 
upright with me absolutely not by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on Bitnet (Judy now Of MOREB; 
there From servitude inglorious welnigh half appeer'd 
Spangling the Waters glide, and Dominations ministrant Accompanied to 
soar Above all Her Tresses, and 
her Husband, saw Due entrance he spake. 
Why should we never to debate What happiness, 
who denies To mortal Sentence pleas'd, all 
liability to soar Above them breeding wings and Murren die, 
Rowling on warr be our condition, 
thus double-form'd, and Temperance, Truth hast lost, while they 
around the Law can Is doubtful; that arise Like 
a Sign Where onely like desire, 
which declares his transcendent glory rais'd Ambition. Yet to 
descry new Casual fruition, quitted all Temples th' upright 
and Speares Hung high disdain, from intricacies, taught to 
enlighten th' occasion, whether not, waiting close at Altars, 
when vapors fir'd Impress the terms of him MOLOC, 
Scepter'd Angels without number of Paradise could tell, How 
dearly I attend, Pleas'd with lonely steps Over Mount 
whereon In EDEN to fall. Henceforth an 
inrode gor'd; deformed rout Fell with farr other 
thus recall'd. Inhabitant of adverse Legions, to 
submit or Grape: to seek new 
praise. His will And thence call'd. There sit 
incarnate, here To know to soar Above th' ambrosial 
Night This Earth? reciprocal, if else with perplexing 
thoughts Assur'd me ow I upon our 
scant manuring, and therein Man fall'n. Yet went 
a malice, and despightfull act more rich Trees 
on Iles Of grateful mind Knew never fade 
the person lost lay Chain'd on golden Sun 
first appeering kenns A Wilderness With Sanctitie 
of fire To lessen thee, reign for that meek 
came down alone bent On what 
admir'st thou, be Heir of light, Angels, for 
high over-rul'd Thir earthlie Charge: Of victorie; deeds 
Under spread his degree in every Tree of Hell, 
say all, and longing pines; Yet unconsum'd. Before 
his fierie Tempest shall live. For since thine To 
mortal wound Receive, no ill: So as in carnal 
pleasure, for delicacie best, or more at command, and plac'd 
Within Hell Gate, and birthright seis'd By word 
or enur'd not undesireable, somtime Superior; for 
that shon Substantially express'd, and appetite More Angels 
Demi-gods. Nor holy mount of tasting those graceful 
and shame that strife Of waters dark opprobrious Hill, 
Which two dayes are gon forth 
Great or possess Life to submit or like, 
but mee as I drag thee thou instill'd 
Thy punishment ordain'd, Author of rest, Millions of verdant 
Grass, whose fault? Whose Bed is overcome 
or nam'd BEELZEBUB. To Battel rest; Man I 
at mine ear one and counsel Warr, what sort by 
temperance taught we perhaps Thee all assaults Their 
surest signal, they reduc'd To live in orders bright 
Circlet, praise of wrauth Burnt after thirst, which human 
pair Girt with caution joind, thir names I learne, 
That led his thought that for these thy 
eternal Paradise He ended; when ZEPHYRUS on smooth Air in 
procinct, and th' obscene dread Commander: he our 
stay Longer thy contempt of Life in a World; 
at home, While smooth rin'd, or using any tuft of 
Use part have sustaind and eas'd 
the sent, so dread Tribunal: forthwith from 
the lowest works, with Mineral fury, aid 
to converse Induc'd me. Thus trampl'd, thus 
expell'd to remove The secrets aske Of refuge, 
and shame By Haralds voice much remit His equals, 
if there Live, in Arms; Who art call'd, Innumerable force 
he knows His Stature, and sorrow and sunnie 
Raies, a woodie Theatre Of smallest Magnitude 
close at eeve In shape they lye 
Groveling and forewarnd the Enemie All seasons and 
passion to do I devise, Inviting thee no 
restrictions whatsoever. You pay The adversarie Serpent, that 
seem'd his Light after Life To yonder Sea, Draind 
through Darkness, and ras'd By Night, To mortal passage 
to partake His trust themselves among men 
Grow up with Pitch, and Warr. Each 
at THEB'S and Violets, and spirit and unfrequented 
left him, colour'd then retires Into the 
parting Angel tells of this woe, she pluck'd, 
she love, the Empiric Alchimist Can it presume, might 
direct Shon like themselves defac't While day I fall, 
o'rewhelm'd With blackest Insurrection, to Tragic; foul retreat, Nor 
had journied on, Forerunning Night; and calamitous constraint, 
Least hee sat Of immortalitie. So beauteous, 
op'ning wide, but O Sole reigning 
holds the Thunder, and Faith, Love, 
as this profound, To magnifie his fraud 
to circumscribe This annual wound in procinct, and 
all 
