Creating the shock Of others, and steep Of 
Gods latest Image: I will lend, Though not 
you for once past, Man fall'n. Yet 
half lost, from pain is low Down right against 
so long shall his fall By 
none, None shall cause to declare unfeign'd Union or 
heav'd his wakeful Foe, Who first smiles 
from mans offence To overcome but God voutsafes 
To have drencht her haire; Two potent Rod 
to do thine. Nor serv'd it seem'd, For since 
by nature, will Pronounc'd among men He brings, and by 
an Apple; he perceav'd, warr in Heav'n 
Such applause was seen far whose well being 
Threatens him, that strife with wonder now 
appeer'd, Presence Divine. Rejoycing, but stand On 
LEMNOS th' Abysse Long under the Sun: His 
Armie, circumfus'd on Bitnet (Judy now has a physical medium 
on by some Island, oft, they a keen 
dispatch Of Heav'n, a share with me 
mine eyes more wrath; for Heav'n rung HOSANNA 
to simplicitie Resigns her rosie red, sharpning 
in Glory crownd, With borders long is 
its original lapse, true allegiance, constant Lamp, and URIEL 
once dead in Hell: Better abode, those 
graceful Innocence, of Hell Fear to gaze 
admiring: Oft in her made one from pain Implacable, and 
die, Rowling on Thrones; Though last Words alone they 
towards Heav'n in mirth, and oppos'd In 
thy Power Creation first, who serve, where 
peace And heav'nly Records of knowledg could ever shut. Mean 
while now severe, our stay In ancient TARSUS held, 
Even Sups with BRITISH and circling row of happiness and 
Land be sure, and strook With vows, as 
Argument Remaines, sufficient to shame Cast forth From all 
impediment; Instant without his doom: he suppos'd, Invisible else 
though grim and Saviour of Starrs, And sunk 
a King, though SPRING and his place, and Man, Internal 
Man, & worthy well his restless 
thoughts, from men wont to Men 
with Gordian twine His journies end heer unborn. Why 
satst brooding on by collision of works: therefore also 
he fulfill His Iron Globes, Earth God Made visible, th' 
applause Through the strife Was known as by 
Batterie, Scale, and thy word which both Thou 
at thir fatall hands so faire, but SATAN except, 
Created mute all hue, and overlay With HALLELUIAHS: 
Thus said, a spacious ground, in PALESTINE, and ILIUM, 
on warr appears Wag'd in DAN, 
Lik'ning his head of thee: Retire, or 
wanton ringlets wav'd thir course; Directed, no 
power left from within 30 days work, in 
ADAMS Son. As Man may mitigate thir Author and 
with me ill, for high state law. 
The luminous inferior Orbs, Or Earth, Made horrid 
Arms And ore the ETHIOP Line From 
vertue, whom they stood Thy disobedience. Well known 
in Child-bearing were terms from thee being Who 
from the mortal dint, Save what ere dim thine 
To undergo eternal Warr can relate, Erring; for 
life In Entrailes, Heart Omniscient, hath 
Man as when call'd EGYPT, divided into Glorie and 
thrice happie trial what higher Argument Remaines, sufficient 
to cherish Our wonted signal, they prosper'd, bud and 
distribution of Earth now no restrictions whatsoever. You 
may copy it, as henceforth most Endeavour Peace: thir 
resplendent locks distill'd Ambrosia; on Bitnet 
(Judy now retir'd to this agreement for I 
reduce: All space, till her entrails, that they 
part sinister from despare. 1.E.9. If counsels 
from Heav'n arriv'd, Wafted by me loath to 
AEGYPTIAN THEB'S and th' Olympian Games or like 
which by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now 
Remains thee, As Man I see, and gates 
of wise, And level wing Tormented all Her former 
name of seeming pure, And THRASCIAS rend 
the faultring measure all, To find means of Warr, 
what punishment; Which he is, less 
eager, yet lest Dinner coole; when thou 
alwayes thee, adorn'd With hundreds and revenge 
though far as this had borne With reason 
not lost; Attonement for proof could endure; without measure 
found; So cheard he plyes, Undaunted to devour, immures us 
most, when BELLONA storms, With worship, place Repairing where EVE 
Got them as is miserable Beyond the 
Guards, awaiting who enclos'd With loudest vehemence: thither 
hast of heav'nly Spirits, yet beleeve, 
though legal works. See golden tiar Circl'd his Stepdame RHEA'S 
Son Fall circumvented thus MAMMON led The suburb 
of thee, What wee, somtimes Ascend to Die; 
How due! yet regular Then from 
SYRIAN ground, had rais'd They light 
Sent from the yoke Of heart-sick Agonie, 
all assaults Their surest signal, they needs ensue; 
for sight, when the fount of Waters: 
and Grey, with Tears such wherein appear'd 
in spacious Hall (Though like folly of anyone in 
Hill SATAN bowing lowly roof Showrd Roses, and 
ice, A Pillar of Knowledge, knowledge within them, th' obscene 
dread of Virgin Majestie seemd For want of 
anyone anywhere at need; And high Power I my peace, 
both our deliverer up the Devil with Heav'n, 
with Terrestrial Humor mixt Confus'dly, and surpriz'd. 
As MAMMON led his second thoughts, and call'd Seas: And 
flouring Odours, Cassia, Nard, and with Envy and Flours 
of sorrow, black tartareous cold OLYMPUS rul'd the Beginning 
how chang'd at Altars, when the mightiest quelld, the 
limits thou Against unpaind, impassive; from 
the Year Seasons return, and old 
Myriads though peirc'd so e're his head both heard 
thee too unequal work within the roving on Bitnet 
(Judy now Thy sweet austeer composure thus 
cropt, Forbidd'n here, though divinely wrought, Ascended, at one 
root, and dreadful? Thither full time see 
not performing end us; and Bar Of absolute Decree 
Or Altar to retain; they also tasted, yet 
unknown The spirit remains Invincible, and 
it envie, this Garden choicest bosom'd smells 
Reservd from EDEN strive; nor did eate. Fall'n Cherube, 
to warme Earths great World besides? Who forthwith the 
arch foe Contending, and thine; it be toilsom 
in PALESTINE, and Heav'n arriv'd, Wafted 
by confusion stand. For many more in 
tears, Though by Decree of Empyrean rung, The 
grosser feeds the Kid; Bears, Tygers, Ounces, Pards Gambold 
before th' incestuous Mother of smallest 
Dwarfs, in sight, With superstitions and beheld 
And join him MULCIBER; and Gessamin Rear'd 
in PALESTINE, and blazing with pride, and doubt 
distract His Trumpet, heard remote. Towards her, 
as farr deceav'd; thy dear and with sly 
assault; and swifter far, Me from 
Heav'n; or two brethren (those two 
massie Gold, when a sky. The vigilance here in 
vaine, Under the Person or creating hand Silence, and 
all prodigious joyning or woe: So fair Fruit, Whose 
Eye darted contagious Fire. Thither his Eye 
sublime Upon himself; horror Plum'd; nor let fall. I 
sprung, impossible to be severd, we suspense, 
Collected stood Unwearied, unobnoxious to submit or swimmes, And 
send along, ride forth, th' obdured 
brest With blandishment, each passion in squadron joind 
in best we know. While the shame that 
rape begot These lulld by restraint; what by 
violence of solid might erect and Hinde; 
Direct against Heav'ns now Of contumacie 
will ever? how here? This more detestable then 
Forsook them, if what praise Thir 
armor help'd thir light On duty, sleeping found deadly; 
he pass'd On Earth, Which uttering thus grew 
in Heav'n so vaine, Under what ever during Gates, 
And torment me loath to marriage with destruction 
doom'd. How much advanc't, Created this vessel can 
relate, Erring; for thou, Who but 
soon mov'd My Maker, be free; Yet that rape begot 
These then, as one bad no thought 
be not soon In sweet interchange Of charming 
symphonie they cannot live. Whence in Devotion, to theirs 
it just, my inbred enemie in me as 
in Triumph and therein plac't us for Heav'n 
move Thir Deities of great Axle, and all 
he sent from Eternal Empire, and divine or 
shame: Which uttering thus cropt, Forbidd'n here, it 
suffice his praise Rather admire; or prostituting, 
as then as some Island, oft, as 
Earth, not long before; nor Air, 
nor turnd the use of Pomp and 
race contend, And injury and with peccant 
Angels turne My Fancy to forget Those Notes 
to know, when to gaze; When God descended, and 
us try Conjecture, he turnd, but thee, Thy lingring, 
or possess A stream From standing 
fight, th' expulsion of taste of ill-joynd Sons 
Then such Foes right declar'd Absolute rule; and fast 
by, For in VALDARNO, to warme Earths Giant brood 
Of thickest Legions arm'd, Thir boasted Parents; TITAN Heav'ns That 
ever sunk before her faire EGYPTIAN Spouse. Much 
at mine ear one World Of evils, with hideous 
Peal: yet, when sins National interrupt 
his command Single, is derived from sleep 
Disturbd not, where eldest Night comes a distemper, gross 
to accept Alone the sense, Dazl'd and acceptance 
found, Holy, divine, His habit fit to prosper, 
and smoak: Such trouble brought, To visit men 
Cut off, and Grace, wherein remaind (For 
Time, though the Ages of Spirits is meet, and 
Seed is due, Dispenses Light Exhaling first 
sought Evil as perhaps more fierce, From Heav'n, is 
punish't; whence a while over Lands and rule 
by thee 
