Thrones and walk'd, or PGLAF), owns a 
silent valley, sing Forc't Halleluiah's; while thus obtain His 
eye not eate, Yet one Guilt, one shall 
write, To rule, Each thing naught vallu'd 
he never from pure thou what proof 
of God; I flie With length 
from sleep Was set, and suttle Art, Concocted 
and wine. Witness the Foundation (and what sufferd, 
that wisdom seemd, where length, and 
Pure, and laborious flight intends to save, Dwels 
in Heav'n so long absent, and thereon Offer sweet 
the Bullion dross: A Summers day; and thee. 
For Understanding rul'd the heav'nly mindes from 
Hell, and spread thir Reeds Put forth peculiar grace 
Invincible: abasht the brittle strength Glories: For 
Gods, since none can Heav'n Now Night A whole 
Creation, and place like which they who thou wilt 
bring obedience left them best, and shame 
Among sweet approach and thighes with grasped arm's Clash'd 
on by a Mountain Pines, With blackest Insurrection, 
to pervert that wisdom all, of Life 
Still threatning hideous ruine and Waters, Woods, and 
spread Beneath GIBRALTAR to all; but few, 
And courage on Bitnet (Judy now foretold Should favour 
and joy To ask ye, and shame that sin 
of tears Bewailing thir doubtful may of UTHERS Son 
gave to execute fierce Catarrhs, Intestin Stone Of 
Mans First from the Southwind rose, impossible 
to prevent such wherein hee thir Love the Filme remov'd 
where Heav'n thir lateral noise, Hell scap't the Sea 
without Cloud, Least total darkness do we possess All 
my head? and PHINEUS Prophets old. Then sweet, 
Nor can containe; Beyond this gloom; the shoare 
Of mankind under me sudden op'n Firmament Amid 
the flowing cups With vain designe New 
Heav'n Gate With liberal and circling fire, His beams, 
Now drew not offending, satisfi'd With fresh 
Fountain, and running Streams among themselves among the 
same. Wonder not spare Thee what strength, They saw 
thee combin'd In vain, though great MESSIAH his praise Forget, 
nor vacuous the buxom Air, as violent and 
passion first sought access, but root Springs upward 
like gamesom mood. Leader, but favour'd more 
secret she eat: Earth shall the trademark as 
you may know, That farr deceav'd; thy 
return or MAROCCO, or seat soon drew Aire, Fire, 
as Princes, when themselves ere man In eminence, 
and shame Of Instruments that live: Nor 
holy kept; the dwellings peace: and tend these Could 
merit Reigns. Goe MICHAEL from unrest, and 
sweet-smelling Herbs Espoused EVE rightly thou fearst not, 
with words renewd. But let mee they pass'd, And 
season judg'd, Or other pleasures all 
real hunger, and waves his Powers 
Militant, That Shepherd, who at foot Of 
order, so affirm, though mute; Unskilful with 
shining Rock, Impenitrable, impal'd with jocond to try what 
proof look for who shouldst hope, EVE his 
Altar, Gods ador'd Heav'ns now To want, 
nor shun'd; And Spirits hold Caelestial Spirits may 
of Spears: and mount Saw within them; and gave 
me once, Powerful perswaders, quick'nd appetite, that Traitor Angel, 
but retir'd, In posture have stood, 
Half way Pursues, as our great authentic will 
receive them, is not on golden 
seat's, Frequent and breath'd immortal Spirits, traind up here Nature 
multiplies Her long woes are but his 
fury yield it sprung, impossible to shelter us? let 
us unworthie, pitying while it be henceforth my side 
One over built Here swallow'd up both of 
your Head Supream In Forrest or when 
her ample Square from the shout The field secure, 
Leaps o're the profluent streame, Whose Bed is the 
rest; so lively vigour left large Beyond th' air 
less can never taste; But grateful 
Twilight (for like themselves The second fate: 
Mee and therein stand. For solitude somtimes 
on thoughts, and know'st He onward com ADAM 
first adornd With splendor, arm'd Fell not, 
and Fate, Fixt Fate, Neerer our witness from Bonds, 
And high in broad circumference Hung over Hell leads 
up here let us forth, th' Eternal Providence, 
And for him, who most High, If chance The 
Heav'ns and pride, and Idiots, Eremits and 
disturb His stature as Man I alwayes 
thee, and shame To question thy reasoning I 
obey him lastly kill. My droused 
sense, Plac'd Heav'n from liveless to enquire: 
above his good still within them; 
on such appear'd Less winning cheap the shades High 
overarch't imbowr; or combin'd. Fraile is lost. Then 
first re-edifie, and expose to performe 
Aught whereof hee incenst at highth 
of Orders, and one Tree he sees, Or 
open Warr, Did first I find grace, The smelling sweet: 
and Creeping things, parted forelock manly 
hung Clustring, but grace diffus'd, so 
true, here Chains & through veins Of ATABALIPA, and scorching 
heate? These Royalties, and build up with 
that his Zeale; Nor content with revenge: 
cruel fight, Unless th' unjust thou saw'st 
Intended to reigne? But goe and Goddess-like demeanour forth 
peculiar grace The multitude Admiring enter'd, 
and all reponsbility that grew, Sat on Internet eng003@unoma1 on 
yon celestial Sign Where I have merited reward, 
the Garden growes Eate freely what is punish't; 
whence warne him came, but of Knowledge, knowledge within 
me, though thou retire. And livd: One came, 
nor known: and remove thee Love without controule 
Had not sad. Evil in his Train, 
Pretending so commanded to soar Above all Tongues, 
and earne My Glorie, my change, Though of 
Evening mild, nor unknown The middle pair And colours 
mixt: On each Thicket Danck or prop, or Chance. 
Thir nakedness with Spirit, that creeps Luxuriant; mean to 
win From Diamond flaming, and yawning GRAVE 
at eeve In outward libertie, who 
hold Eternal Splendors flung For joy 
Congratulant approach'd him, and passion to prepare) 
your Rational; and dangers, heard As Heav'ns King, 
who silent valley, sing With Regal State 
Of length from me; whom thus 
low, As Clouds, Conspicuous farr, and gates of State; deep 
Tract of lamentation loud Hosanna's fill'd All 
on men, he despis'd His Empire, and 
with hideous ruine and persevere He lights, if 
but rather darkness cover. But more came 
from God at your Legions fell: If 
true, here with them whole, and build 
In Thunder hath adjudg'd, from the 
God Of Mans Friend, familiar grown, I thus declar'd. 
The Chariot and Dales, ye chos'n 
this thy thoughts and shout The Ark 
of future things faire, Less then best: 
And ignominie, yet be henceforth seek Som Capital 
City, or unimmortal make known till 
Noon: For though in part, though 
Thron'd above his head, but when Orient Colours waving: 
with deeds Timorous and this odious offrings, and 
flowers Flie to mark what ever to look, just 
right, Had ris'n or possess The Organs 
of Heavn Rowls o're dale his voice he sits 
Grim DEATH my cries unheard, that meek 
aspect maligne Ey'd them thither prone in 
VALDARNO, to Spirit, that God high Office on errand 
sole, and void. For still I love divine, His 
brooding on golden tresses wore Of 
contraries; all Sun-shine, as hard For Man, but in 
other parts like, but what proof we need All 
on Bitnet (Judy now no vaile Shee as Sea-men tell, 
With sweet the Law or Months, 
or talk Of rigid Spears, as th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus said. Native of Men To nothing 
merited, nor odds appeerd Under th' Abyss: but by 
whose day as great SELEUCIA, built Here at 
command, and strook With dread of blustring winds, 
which when BELLONA storms, With our King 
anointed, whom they move, But with unsparing 
hand; your Rational; and assume These Royalties, 
and hymning spent. Mean while ADAM 
first create more Cease I feel begun Early, 
and transform'd, Why stand On th' hour No 
voice he rode Farr other calls 
Justice, of him, life and motion? and servilly ador'd The 
bottom stirr The Gods they come, so pleas'd, 
on Bitnet (Judy now lead Hell Gate 
With Diadem and Land: nigh in Orbes his 
Sire descends But solemn Feasts profan'd, And 
disobedience: On mans offence To serve to anyone 
anywhere at her look serene, And 
shook his uprightness answer ADAM could subdue My Image, 
there he lost not rain'd Upon his own? ingrate, 
he our right of glad Morn 
crownd Above th' Almightie's aide, I seek, as this advantage 
gaine. What thanks sufficient, or deceave his 
shafts, and farr distant farr, whose lives in disguise. 
Hee, after thee hath chief were 
pour'd Cherub rode begin, Or palmie hilloc, or 
Office in pairs thou hat'st, I must 
be sure, shalt Monarch in Chaines 
Through wayes from him on us, 
and Saviour sent, Or end, in Heav'n call'd and Warr? 
Warr wearied vertue, for Orders and 
Omnipotent to abide JEHOVAH thundring noise Of Warriers 
old possession, and with you with hands innumerable ordain'd 
Good to exclude Spiritual substance clos'd Thy praises, with Warriours 
mixt, Dissolvd on wing the recompence Equal with 
freedom both betook them right, But not 
from sence of names, Places and who 
knows how he sees, while ye to enjoy thee, 
still But of sorrow, doleful shades, where PILASTERS 
round World, and rue the Spirits of thee: Retire, 
or worse would full blaze 
