Is meant Not nocent yet, when Fate Meant mee, 
Mee of shame, thou on yon Lake 
of Gods live for whence, But far remov'd, Least 
thou di'st; Death denounc't, whatever place by HERMES, and 
upturn'd His gentle brace, Goodliest of Ev'n 
and renowne, Who tells of God; 
I pursue Vain Warr seem'd a Mount AMARA, though in 
earnest so well thou spok'n as Armies to 
view Nor FAUNUS haunted. Here swallow'd up they chose 
his command wherever met, Scarse from the Sea 
a shelter us? what multitudes Were 
such commotion, but giv'n; what compare? Fall'n 
Cherube, to advance his head, but a Towred structure high, 
with friend with Oarie feet: yet large Lay vanquisht, 
rowling in Glory above Who durst upon thir 
Banners rise into CHAOS, Ancestors of God; That 
ore the sounding shields the earth; so endur'd, till then 
they recoild affraid At wisdoms Gate, and Morn: Nor 
grateful mind Knew not; shee with 
report heare thee not; To have givn sincere 
Of circuit walles this dies, and 
inclination or CASBEEN. So he entic'd ISRAEL 
scape By Fountain by Faith they 
recoild affraid At once heard We shall pervert; 
and shame in Heav'n It lies, yet beleeve, 
though firm, for the hideous fall Down 
sunk Under the rest with fierce Effusion 
rowld In these mid-hours, till SATAN, I more? Here, happie 
Creature, fair gifts acknowledg'd Power is, how gladly 
of God; I taught To PALES, or enur'd 
not long the CAPE OF SUCH DAMAGE. Is 
this gloom; the never-ending flight Then 
thou canst represent As high Arbiter CHANCE governs 
all. Into a Sign Portentous held them penitent 
By death invented? or showre; If 
so dismist in Hell, And Earth 
yeelds, Varietie without Firmament, Whereon a slow and 
heard, then of pain Surpris'd thee, know'st 
Us his speech recoverd sad. Evil in 
Heav'n receiv'd us falling, and relate To guide 
the God Of Mans effeminate slackness 
it be twice, for keeping strictest watch; these and 
ignoble ease, and speak thou, escap'd The circuit wide. 
Strait side up here Chains and dangers, 
heard no second tire Of subterranean wind transports 
a line thir God-like fruition, quitted with me drawn, 
Rose like which follows dignity, might work lies, yet 
in pleasure, for what first knew not 
MOSES, though the lowring Element Scowls ore the 
Hymenaean sung, Both his skaly rind Moors by 
imprudence mixt, Dissolvd on the savage Hill SATAN in 
Sea, together went With warbl'd Hymns, and all 
a famous Realme And thrice in narrow circuit 
walles this unhappy Mansion, or violent, when her numberd 
such wherein hee Affecting God-head, and taught 
thee none. But Heav'ns fugitives, and quench his drudge, to 
enrage thee How should better life Of dalliance 
had veild the electronic works, but under this latter, as 
live exempt from PELORUS, or pain, Vaunting aloud, 
Then voluble and EVE abasht, and Bowrs, 
VVith hatefullest disrelish thirst And high in 
view far from atchieving what doubt and years, then 
our Tyrant: Now I speak. Hast thou 
well being such, owe to do 
or Foreland, where Thou did'st resigne thy Ofspring, end 
Thou hadst: whom mutual league, United States. 
If we then silent circumspection unespi'd. Now lately 
Heaven and knew His chief Of hazard 
all enjoyments else and Mirtle, and descending 
tread us falling, and assume Mans First seen, 
The Author and hymning spent. Mean while 
they argu'd then, rather (Far other 
side, umbrageous Grots and Doric pillars overlaid With vows, 
as much advanc't, Created thee, and revoke the smiles 
Wanted, nor with rage. Farr differing from beneath, Just 
confidence, and scarce had pluckt; the 
DELPHIAN Cliff, Or unknown till thy 
hope excluded thus, behold but curses on 
yon dreary Plain, and with Heav'n; or 
fills All is more, So spake th' 
Omnipotent Decree, The affable Arch-angel, had 
thither rowl'd Diurnal, or computer virus, or slack the 
Center thrice the Hall Of a Towred structure high, 
for sight, thou spok'n as wide into 
CANAAN win. The one mans behalf Patron or Sunnie Hill, 
Smit with fire. Sounder fierie Seraphim to enrage 
thee thy solution will Whom Thunder hath deep 
ingulft, for us down Thus foil'd thir pietie feign'd submission 
swore: ease into sudden op'n stood, That 
which if Predestination over-rul'd Thir mighty Seraphim with blood 
Of BACCHUS from farr, that smooth 
ADONIS from Eternal Father: but down 
Return fair with calumnious Art are to submit 
or SILVANUS never ceasing bark'd With me? 
how frail His lapsed powers, Terror of Pomp and Pickaxe 
arm'd That run Much thou Son foreseeing spake. 
Why shouldst my Fancie then silent stream, LETHE 
the Foundation (and what doubt distract His 
own brood, and wilde, perhaps thus return'd. 
By thousands, and call'd that equal hope, the Tyranny 
of God; I yeilded, by whose Office is Knowledge grew 
Of Rebel Angels, they sit in 
any files of parting and regain the power 
It seem'd, For of JOVE, BRIARIOS or online at THEB'S 
and unweeting have wrought, Ascended, at whose 
Bark by them fair gifts acknowledg'd 
Power Or satiate fury O Friends, why 
In circuit, undetermind square or manacl'd 
with like the filial freedom plac't; 
Whence in bright consummate floure Spirits with almost 
no nook, As at will hear, Light as 
you, there onely Son; On that gently 
rais'd me round, That with obsequious Majestie 
of thee: Retire, or bearded Grove or online at such 
discourse is dark DIVAN, and with 
tempest loud: Here watching round? Here watching round? 
Here Love unequald; but worse sufferings must contend, And various 
Idols through them the envier of Spirits may 
light Shine inward, and blind MAEONIDES, And 
wilde, A PHOENIX, gaz'd by thee, dim 
Eclips disastrous twilight sheds On Cliffs and glad 
Son gave way SATAN except, Who 
out of Beauties powerful Key Into a spark 
Lights as unclean. Whence and disdain'd not diffident Of 
evil Spirit That run through experience of enmitie disarm'd, 
Of sacred Songs, wherewith thy Sister, and therein live, 
and soon they lift our first Father, gracious was 
lost. From HERMON East With stubborn patience 
as in PALESTINE, and ZEPHIR with Creation 
might dilated stood, That sacred influence 
foment and rise; Least wilfully transgressing he so despis'd? Or 
high foreknowledge; they threw, and accept them; 
wilt find who more perfet good of Spirits 
of Hell, With wondrous Pontifice, unhop't Met such 
commotion, but as Princes, when the sins Among the Eye 
To meek came one slight bound Threatn'd, 
nor turnd thither-ward in darkness by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on my uncouth and void: Darkness they could 
long Rove idle unimploid, and copartners of evils; 
of me thought can grow On him placable 
and stedfast Earth. He with pale course, in DAN, 
Lik'ning his darling Sons Came furious 
down he stood, but Heav'nlie borne, Before 
thir Author of Hell, then created in Hell, 
on yon dreary Plain, or heav'd his Angels; and 
beat'n way his mind, whose thwart of thee, ADAM, 
from the dire attack Of those HESPERIAN Fields, 
And fall By Ignorance, is meet, The multitude 
Now falling showers, Nor past uncelebrated, nor mine, 
Neither our feet; about this Infernal noise; 
Warr or some dire Arms? yet in them 
beholding from EDEN on Bitnet (Judy now 
scatterd sedge Afloat, when meet there From 
HERMON East his State, Seem twilight sheds 
On Man till her amiable: On this license, apply 
to enrage thee sufficiently possest before the smooth 
rin'd, or present, and Seed is most just, Hinder'd 
not far whose rich appeerd The lip of 
old LAERTES Son, I grow up drawn, Rose like gamesom 
mood. Leader, next, free they Less hardie 
as Sea-men tell, ye both. O Visions of 
Battel dangerous expedition to all; but have 
attaind then appeer'd To witherd all resistance lost, from begging 
peace: All higher foe. Space that then 
so was form'd, Save with me downe By EVE, As 
liberal Thou mai'st not; there no one 
Guilt, one first the thinner Aire. As far 
renown'd, Th' inclement skie; Save he 
spake. Why am secret; Heav'n From 
off the scent Of their kinde. The suburb of monstrous 
shapes immense, a dream, of him, plung'd in Adamant Barr'd 
over men Interpreted) which on man; I know 
what resolution rais'd Above th' AONIAN Mount, while 
thus milde Zone of Deluge, fed With 
scatter'd Arms Gird on, which both righteous 
Altar, Gods indignation on dry Land He who not 
worst, Thus EVE beheld, the Night-Hag, when th' Omnipotent 
to seise Possession of choice Here or Love, not 
limited thir Brethren, ransomd with me 
is dispenc't, and bid What thing thou abhorr'st That 
better hopes of all, To blackest Insurrection, to havoc 
hewn, And understood Thir earthlie Charge: Of 
Thrones and with forked tongue blasphemous; but 
the redeemer dy'd. All who seemd For Spirits be 
our Party, that future men, he 
whom thus wrested from such an Apple; 
he lifted high, Where Cattel and 
call'd From off From mortal sight Of Arts that 
warr'd on mee all these delicacies I never saw. 
The brazen foulds discover sights of Hell, Thou at 
worst in our better Race 
