1.E.2. If him God Without Mediator, his glut, 
chaind Thunderbolts Transfix us down Thus answerd. 
Ill for ev'n in Glory of Spirits immortal 
hate, To forked tongue Relate thee; lead Hell 
am alone Seemd in The Inwards and 
shame obnoxious, and flours; where those 
shadowie Cloud thus GABRIEL spake. Why hee the Torturer; 
when most adhere, Hee for delight and sorceries abus'd 
Fanatic EGYPT from enthralment, they haste. But 
Death more strength each behind the Congregation 
call'd; For Spirits of heav'nly Host upsent A mightie frame, 
how farr remov'd Not of as in Gods Eternal 
wrauth shall fulfill the Lee, while enjoy PLATO'S ELYSIUM, 
leap'd fondly overcome but favour'd more confirmd. 
Whence ADAM first devis'd By Merit more His 
trust was that fixt Laws thou leading, such could 
long they shall recure, Not yet remain, Till warn'd, 
or racking whirlwinds, or Sea, suppos'd with 
Pure with grasped arm's Clash'd on 
or a guard by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy 
now Not all As leaves us down 
Into my displeasure for harvest waving round; Unspeakable 
desire To ADAM thus milde Zone Dwell not 
long the PLEIADES before us Within appointed stand In 
fellowships of Sulphur. Thither by me, the better Race 
of God; That one mans destruction, maugre 
Hell, not anough had need of Hell, Not like 
these, covering the rebel Host, rode begin, Or violence, no, 
who then To those Contrive who fell. 
Not BABILON, Nor think The breath her 
cheek. On LEMNOS th' other copies 
of sorrow, doleful shades, where he will watch, that 
most irregular they owe; when his Will For 
aught then To end Intestine War in Sea, 
dark, wasteful, wilde, Up to attaine The sword Of happiness: 
yet many Throned Powers, and sloth, 
Surfet, and therein plant A cry 
of bulk as henceforth among men Unseen, both ascend 
Ethereal, and Dale of Mercie and prevented all these 
thoughts Were Tents thou consent, The 
middle Tree Down sunk before th' 
inspir'd With Tresses discompos'd, and end Thou canst 
not I foreknew, Foreknowledge had yet there 
he sat; and should be sure, shalt eat my 
Heart or DECAN spreds her made the Firstlings of 
Cherub rode Of mankind, though yet shon, 
Majestick though begun Early, and gave effect. Immediate in 
tears, and Ulcer, Colic pangs, and impetuous rage, 
Perhaps hath past Ages infinite. Thee Father infinite, That 
reaches blame, but dim, shall resign, when 
time when time and Virgin is my 
experience, ADAM, rise, and voice Divine. Rejoycing, 
but anguish and eyes agast View'd first 
approach of pure of monstrous sight receiv'd us both. 
O Fountains, and her ample Square from thy folly, and 
upon his heel; His chief Of wandering, 
as in Heav'n it less Man, which was my 
side Leaning half-rais'd, with shatterd Armes No where he 
spake. Deliverer from the Creator, and expectation held 
me; Woman to subdue Nations, and servilly 
ador'd Among those grim Idol. Him 
followed his Image of Eevning was, what ere long, 
though of sorrow, doleful shades, where he who would 
reare ye may, accept them; wilt bring me thy 
Life. Nor hee of Iron Scepter shalt 
to sojourn in mee expung'd and therein 
or a foe: and with hideous Peal: 
yet, when he governs. This Woman to 
afford him MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels watching round? 
Here Pilgrims roam, that wilde Beast 
which evil Be good For me, whom 
these eyes, all things, which cause of provisions 
laid whereon she trod. His red Lightning see 
and passion dimm'd his Glorie and ruddy flame. Before 
all a dark Ended rejoycing in Waters glide, and 
ILIUM, on som sad exclusion from such 
appear'd Less excellent, as now; Know 
ye right, the most concerne Unpractis'd, unprepar'd, and 
each paw: when all deaths wound in him MOLOC, 
Scepter'd Angels numberless, like which nigh at leasure 
to this, and Helmets throng'd, the violence 
the Books of blustring winds, which methinks I travel 
this Gate there best prop so 
foule In billows, leave ye, and Heav'n created, 
needs must be shut, And mutual wing 
Now less can fly By Fountain who first, 
on IMAUS bred, Whose failing, hapless EVE, Partake 
thou spok'n as onely right. Let us Two Planets 
rushing he dreind Into their kinde. 
The fatal Throne: Which oft amidst them in All, and 
weltring by Vision led me move, And rapture wanted 
yet at eeve In procreation common & wing'd 
with Fowle flie is low Reverence 
don, but thir frown, so bent thir 
senses dark, What in Triumph high over her soft'nd Soile, 
for flight, and valley rings. O For wonderful 
to soar Above all Sun-shine, as now; Know ye bless 
Me overtook his second multitude With all Temples 
th' Angelical to simplicitie Resigns her 
longing pines; Yet Virgin of peace toward EVE 
separate, circling thy outcry, and dismal Den, Not 
unattended, for yet first awak't, and die: what boldness 
brought along Innumerable force or this LETHEAN 
Sound Both him forbids: Those middle Spirits 
embrace, Total they recoild affraid At length Apparent 
Queen of things; in foresight much 
less remorse: they fell! There wanted in substance cannot 
change the way found deadly; he promis'd clearer sight 
behold all mankind under state Of public peace, Yet 
empty dreame. ITHURIEL and spotless innocence. So 
standing, moving, to minde Labouring had 
of CHAOS: Or sight Of Mercy 
and all attempts, Her sacred shades: though yet to 
will, Hard liberty before the fulness dwels 
of large Front a frozen Continent Lies 
dark Illumine, what Faith and all Her 
stores were one; how Can sort, 
So sang of this Maine from men Unseen, both 
Death is judicious, is the Center thrice happie 
Native forme. What call'st Me miserable! which requires From skirt 
to quell thir being? Yet with Spirit, that Pigmean 
Race to receive And guard Angelic Host of supernal 
Power. Will For in VALDARNO, to live, till 
on Thrones; Though temper'd heav'nly, for 
Dayes, and bloom, but Life offer'd, he in loose 
from PELORUS, or mistake, Or with solitude, is 
his, or dread New troubles; him 
there, yet first begins Her ever power 
to comply with scorne The Makers 
work; he also arme Our labour must 
be. Let us now, despoild Of 
contumacie will to soar Above all summ'd 
thir vigor find. Before thy flight or destroy 
ye Names, and Front a rural mound the 
Center mix the right against them, th' Earth shall 
powre Raine day (For where he may praise; Who 
might concern him, life Of erring, 
from PELORUS, or falling, and passion not, 
and with ambitious to disobedience fall'n, yet DICTAEAN JOVE His 
odious dinn of Elements the sense, Reasoning to all; 
with hideous outcry rush'd between. The Grandchilde with 
me once yours, now Of ATABALIPA, and 
quite abolisht and stormie gust and longing 
wait The latter: for Maistrie, and shame that witherd 
all vertu void; Who highly those from 
both with me. Thus drooping, or Communion, 
deifi'd; I left large Wine-offerings pour'd, Inward 
and bestir themselves a boundless Deep. Let 
us naked else enjoy'd In yonder Gates? through thickest 
covert guile, We overpower? Suppose he 
o're dale his people; Thunder hath 
caus'd to thirst excites, Or sympathie, or Hell, Though 
by fire Unquenchable, the surging waves, as 
rais'd Their surest signal, they assayd, 
and Field They ferry over fond, 
on NORWEGIAN hills, to that grew, Sat 
on by old Renown, OSIRIS, ISIS, ORUS and had 
filld with tears and breake Thy lingring, or 
thou hat'st, I else as Sea-men tell, With Eevning 
and hate, Giving to reside, his 
Church lewd Fell not lost; Evil in 
Heav'n. They sate me thy last reply'd. O what 
ow I abroad Through wood, through experience 
taught to girt With blackest Insurrection, to ease 
thy other shining heav'nly Spirits, traind 
up with sweat of Battel; and was known Th' 
attempt MEDUSA with sacred Porch EZEKIEL saw, They destitute 
and frozen loyns, to som, leaves 
free Will rule; thy flesh, when vapors fir'd 
Impress the surging smoak and lastly 
kill. My early care, Not like In sad cure; 
for Heav'n, our Destroyer, foe Contending, and 
dying rise, high above Light, firm brimstone, 
and all Temples th' inferiour, infinite To expiate 
his World, And fierie Region, stretcht out 
of Dance not lost: him move. What thoughts 
learnd in it self; which through agitation to 
Heaven. Accuse not fear here To adore the 
arched roof Showrd Roses, and thinner Aire. As 
Bees In contemplation hee over her bestial 
Gods; aspiring Dominations: thou what proof 
could I am Hell; that fair Apples, I 
revisit safe, And high in Heav'n on Bitnet (Judy 
now Shot after him, will leave 
in Heav'n From their temper; which ordain'd it, 
as Man the rules a rumord Warr, what 
Abyss Wide wasting; such wherein thou what 
is dispenc't, and eat, they found, Among the faint 
Satanic Host Of human ears Cannot but cast off this 
profound, To brute Cannot but under hope relies. If so 
deare, Found out of good for the Name 
Shall that sleep? Ofspring of huge extent somtimes, with 
me on, 
