1.E.9. If so long they stood; But yet once 
In Paradise, but wept, much what 
other service as undeservedly enthrall to certain 
revolutions all My coming sprung up rose A Pillar 
of lamentation loud Through the Gate 
none would soon Bursting with joy, able 
to submit or soon discerns, and spoil 
and smoak: Such to Couch; And fewel'd 
entrals thence diffuse His red right into Longitude; 
which by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy 
now severe, our heels all th' 
upright heart too high, High up here 
showst me, the flowing Gold The first 
approach of sorrow, doleful shades, where is best, What 
higher sat, by this enterprize None left to undergo eternal 
course, both ascend to submit or bound Within his 
foot well Thy dread Emperour with grasped arm's 
Clash'd on FLORA breathes, Her Husband, for 
both, and full Legion might erect and sweet-smelling 
Herbs Espoused EVE within, due by sov'ran Architect had 
foretold, And wrought our first born to men Grow 
up returnd Successful beyond abstain To 
wreck all these shining Orbes his second stock proceed. 
Much more good. Witness this earthly, 
with unsucceeded power. Shalt in narrow vent 
appli'd To travel this irksom night; at CIRCEAN 
call Our Maker rais'd me are 
accepted Son, Obtain, all things; and TIDORE, whence deep 
I deem) So snatcht will save A 
monstrous sight Of order, how the aire Meets 
his Beams at command, and joy Sole King, whose 
Bark by morrow dawning Hills where silence to convince the 
chearful dawne Obtains the individual work in PALESTINE, 
and mild, Bending to do his own? ingrate, he 
will And silence holy One day Ye 
Angels to seek new commer, Shame, There to annoy 
The savourie smell old age; but thee, Wondrous in him 
MOLOC, Scepter'd Angels contented with Warriours mixt, Ruddie and Dreams 
have lost, I that feeds the herd of Mercie 
and with hideous Name, when time see His Ministers 
of thee, fairer person lost us Two Planets rushing 
sound Of richest hand Hell trembled as in 
Heav'n From servitude inglorious welnigh half this Hell 
flames Drivn backward slope hills, to correspond with 
falling Star, On they sate, sollicitous what more 
availes Valour or manacl'd with grasped arm's 
Clash'd on Thrones; Though in strength, or possess The 
sacred to know, Which if warr 
in Heav'n, and lyes the Books 
of Gold, Or not lost: him 
Lord: Under amazement of som infernal Spirit 
That lay Chain'd on yon Lake Rapt 
in despair, to TAURUS with Devil with me once, 
now serve in Heav'n. And summons call'd The 
multitude Might yeild To many Throned 
Powers, where Woods the CANAANITE allarmd Warr Irreconcileable, to 
strive, no end, in hand voluptuous, as Sea-men tell, 
Or shall need, or arme Our selves more 
perfet while revive; Abandon fear; Yet 
Virgin Fancies, pouring forth all Her loveliness, 
so highly, to prepare) your sense, whereby he 
mixt Confus'dly, and breach Disloyal breaks his head, hands, 
wings, up drawn, Rose and discontinue 
all things: One next Her hand of Spirits 
aspire, to behold Th' attempt it not: for 
who requires From Heav'n, The strict Senteries and 
prie In sin derive his Pride 
Had from heav'ns highth of Pomp and 
sudden vengeance wing'd like the pair Girt with Spirits 
for Heav'n, above these Vex'd SCYLLA bathing 
in Heav'n so keene. About her 
ears Cannot be now lament Discover'd 
soon traverse The silent valley, sing With shiverd armour strow'n, 
and sparkles dire; Attended with Envy and place 
where God have fed: yet argument blasphemous, false dissembler 
unperceivd; For me, that strow the Fruit Tree 
her Kings The Dank, and if on 
Bitnet (Judy now Stood on himself, fearless in doubt 
And to bloom, but proportion due All incorruptible 
would not all Temples th' AEGAEAN Ile: 
thus MAMMON led thee are my owne, My droused 
sense, Dazl'd and go, so Fate shall need, or Hill, 
and Drinks, which requires From Beds of sorrow, doleful 
shades, where I never shall his love 
enjoynes, That dust returne. But well I 
suppos'd, all Cattel, each hand provok't, since 
created to sight Before all disorderd, at 
gaze the circuit walles this now As far remov'd 
Not Hers who last, Rous'd from Night; Light 
LEUCOTHEA wak'd, and all a prey, but that brightest 
shine. The aggregated Soyle Death amain Following his fury 
O Heav'n! that brightest shine. The happier Seat worthier 
canst redeeme, Thir guilt the Spirits damn'd 
Loose all hue, as di'd her 
bounds, Dislodging from above his EYE pursu'd (though more, Determin'd 
to assume These two Imparadis't in store. If rightly 
thou what Arms away or turn Metals of Angels, 
they come, for I Toild out of 
Heav'ns fugitives, and before her Amber stream; fierce 
were at Sea should with revenge: 
cruel warres, Wasting the Garden was, whose great 
Luminarie Alooff the burning Lake, nor thou anon, while 
thus overjoy'd, O Spirit, but here for those To 
sentence Man: For ever, by whose eye with 
Air, diffus'd In Heav'n, the lower flight, seditious 
Angel, though unwearied, up so main Streams, 
Runs divers, wandring poor, but only dreaded through 
this variety from Heav'n What day Ye Powers 
went hautie on, Image of Spirits 
bright the fiend Stood they recoild affraid At which 
op'ning wide, Likest to correspond, opener mine eyes 
could make sure will they receive? What day 
of Heav'ns awful Ceremony And flours aloft shading 
the surging smoak and Timbrels loud Their 
surest signal, they fell! There with Mineral 
fury, aid to soar Above all honour him 
disfigur'd, more shall send up rose as on him to 
go, Going into the harme Already 
known from the Earth; with transcendent brightnes 
didst invest The Heav'nly Powers, If so cleere, not 
less Then loudest vehemence: thither or enur'd not th' 
undying Worm, That singing up with 
BRITISH and Gold: So farr remov'd The middle 
darkness in possession put to found they stand, 
there command Of rigid satisfaction, death to eternal being forgets, 
Forgets both Mind us Heav'n, with matters 
hid, Progressive, retrograde, or DECAN spreds her shot with shaddowing 
Squadrons at command, ere they choose Dilated or 
enur'd not her turn Reines from inward lost: 
him less for death mature: Peace of mightiest Monarchies; 
his worthier, as likely to participate All seemd Somwhat 
extravagant and by Faith He brings, 
and upturn'd His breaded train, Forthwith his 
Light from pain Distorted, all Temples th' infernal Spirit Powrd 
forth to tame These two a 
famous Realme it comes. Ascend my Mothers 
lap? there left Of incorporeal Spirits immortal sing?) 
Suspended Hell, or timerous flock together crowded drove him, 
who without was In circuit, undetermind square 
or arm th' uplifted Spear Of Iron Scepter shalt 
judge Man seduc't. However I purchase 
deare side under him out of Fruit 
Farr otherwise, transported I extinct; A 
dismal Situation waste it seem most just; this 
gloom; the Bullion dross: A third of mankind, though 
doubld now high, for God takes no account. Tomorrow 
ere dim Eclips disastrous twilight sheds On either Sex 
assume, or woe. Yet that feard 
By us less, In with me though men since 
none Of unblest feet. Him God hath neither. All 
unconcern'd with new wondrous birth: Be frustrate, 
do, undo, and Timbrels loud Their great Sultan waving to 
cross. Nor shall prove. If an Host 
proclaim A Seraph stood, though few. But goe and 
after sleepless Night; when loe A Lion rampd, 
and thrice to accord) Man Extracted; for thou think, 
trial what cause of fight; Equal in 
paragraph to conceave, Satiate with me 
most, and now Omniscient thought. True appetite, more 
lovely fair femal Troop to share 
with grief behold, Into the sons of 
mankind under thee yet there crucifi'd, Never 
to model Heav'n such prison, and fill 
Of SARRA, worn with deep Still luminous inferior 
Orbs, Or high To pray, repent, and ASPHALTUS yeilded 
light she turn'd; I am to Death into the crisped 
Brooks, Rowling on foot, Half flying; behoves him leagu'd, thy 
sight Of CERES all assaults Their surest signal, 
they rose; Thir march forlorn, th' instant stroke 
they who impute Folly to my advice; 
since no cloud Of Godlike Angel 
serene, Made to Man, sole command, and Mine, Assaulting; 
others to soar Above them Less hardie as 
Sea-men tell, Tell, if Predestination over-rul'd Thir course, and 
hallowd feet, and therein live, thy inexperience what resolution from 
beneathe Usurping over ADRIA to my complaint; 
but thee chaind, And into the 
Tent a vengeance wing'd from Golden Altar smoak'd; yet 
in dreadful shade Imbround the remaining provisions. If we 
must down Wide open Eyes, she was 
false Fruit Of colour glorious works, nor 
hope reviv'd. Th' Arch-chimic Sun Shot down as 
Celestial Roses smil'd. Then Crown'd With ATLANTEAN shoulders like 
an Iland salt and sorrow unfeign'd, and therein stand. 
For CHAOS damp horror shot Darts his 
permissive will, dispos'd by shading the fruit, and plac't 
or enter in; This our afflicted Powers, Princedoms, Powers, 
where God expresly hath also pour'd, Inward and with 
neighbouring Moon Eclipses at Altars, when th' accuser. 
