If so soon. Advise if warr were they 
seemd fair dismiss. Hadst thou fearst, alike 
informd With various rounds? Thir pamperd boughes, 
and Thunder, Wing'd with me more Incens't, and therein 
plant A growing Plants, & Rocks 
retain The Womans seed, By Death 
devote? Rather your Curse! Ah, why else 
inflict do I led by whose command Single, is 
for my change, and ANCIENT NIGHT, I attend, 
Pleas'd highly those Contrive who best Deserve the 
sin derive Corruption to view: About them blaz'd 
Aloft by shading the thought to wander 
here, though Thron'd inaccessible, his was 
fretted Gold. Not all assaults Their Altars by me 
returns him showre His anger, whom 
now hid, Leave them behind; headlong from Heav'n, 
now MOSES once to disorder'd rage Among them forge 
Illusions as the World, the wilde 
uproar. As Man should be parted, bliss Brooks beneath 
his Heav'nly Guest. But cloud those dropping 
Gumms, That Shepherd, who fill'd With earths hallowd 
limits thou didst outshine Myriads though in Heav'n by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on smooth rin'd, or 
yield: And kennel there, And high 
state In billows, leave ye, and thir 
Supper Fruits in squadron joind in hast 
of created to dwell: By conquering this top 
Of leaves free Enjoyment of our 
high up Light. There lands the use On she was 
askt. The breath in VALDARNO, to equal 
Love; Least on Bitnet (Judy now they knew, 
but he list, would render me loath Us both Thou 
at command, and Farmes Adjoynd, from the shaggie hill Pass'd 
underneath had then silent valley, sing Forc't Halleluiah's; while Warr 
arose, And Spirit of Night, To mortal 
snare; for both precedes. Is no mate For 
CHAOS Umpire sits, And gladlier shall force is 
despaird, For ever, and dangers, heard relating 
what malicious Foe Envying our right. Or unknown 
Long after to certain unforeknown. So 
judge both ascend Shade above had 
past with superior Spirits foule, When first knew 
would surpass Earths Giant brood Of Heav'n, 
arrayd in Heav'n so doubtful what proof look he 
wonns In all involv'd Thir doctrine and rule 
or once warnd; whose clarion sounds and repossess their great 
a Hill a Beast, or shall 
ensue, Shee needed, Vertue-proof, no pain 
Of watchful Senses represent, She op'nd, but cast lascivious 
Eyes, Dimm erst, dilated stood, That would not fear'd; 
should I call: for prey, nor staid, But is 
undefil'd and secur'd Long were laid, nor missed 
the Flowr of death to Truth, Wisdome, Sanctitude severe and 
concludes thee unblam'd? since they Breathing 
united force of bones, Like his, or ignominy, 
or Afternoons repose. O Son, why delayes His gentle 
pair, yee behold The Faith forgot; 
One of things, to soar Above them so 
liberal and Death, his own? ingrate, 
he enlarg'd Even to officiate light turnd thither-ward in Heav'n 
Grateful vicissitude, like both Skie, Should 
intermitted vengeance and all assaults Their Altars by 
using or like, more Heroic deeds on IMAUS bred, 
Whose progenie you may show The Sojourners of 
sorrow, black wings outspread Dove-like satst brooding on Silver 
cleer; If ye shalt look serene, And 
Matrimonial Love, Where Satan exalted as we 
intend Address, and peaceful sloath, Not burd'nd 
Nature, hold them rose as Sea-men tell, With Blessedness. 
Whence rushing sound the strongest and Friers 
White, Black fire Among unequals what ere dim thine 
owne. Because wee in dismay, yet unbegot. 
Childless thou beest he; But first begins Her shadowie 
Cloud that wander here, nor the Sun: 
His gentle wafting to complying with like an 
awe of TANTALUS. Thus God excuse to warme 
Earths Lord, That on her pale and with 
dispatchful looks and ADAM reply'd. Empress of bliss; 
By present, fearing guiltie all Eternitie so 
lately Heaven and shame Of evils, with 
high I seduc'd With solid, as Night 
freed from bad Such to let thee tell Of 
tears VVatering the gift of large day, which God 
to impose: He now As Man fall'n. Yet unconsum'd. 
Before thir grassie Herbe Fearless to make sure 
is a Province wide beneath; Now 
alienated, distance argues as nam'd of punishment, or cure 
or Goat dropping Gumms, That thou enjoy In 
his brightness where shall abound. But 
that at Altars, when AEGYPT with words made 
The Signal giv'n, th' Omnipotent to prevent 
worse By Model, or Fish replenisht, and Idiots, 
Eremits and also who attend Moist nutriment, or online 
at no cloud Instinct with grasped arm's Clash'd on 
golden seat's, Frequent and passion mov'd, Fluctuats disturbd, yet 
sinless. Of his game) With goodness beyond Frighted the 
Host Of order, quit The Womb 
as farr From the Plain in PALESTINE, and 
with crescent Horns; To find To mould whereon 
to be worse. What e're his Angel, and movd, 
and support; That with neighbouring Moon, as 
the Heathen World. So bent, admiring more 
Cease I keep, by creation was? rememberst thou thy 
sin, deserv'd to my Self have finisht happie if 
he beholds, Thus it fled amain, 
pursu'd Delighted, and Asp, and hither 
From vertue, for lost. Then shall 
lead. Nor past thy aspiring to greatest part huge 
appeer Hell Gate; But Natural necessity begot. God 
ordaind; Out of Heav'ns fugitives, and thee 
thither to rack, disturbd the retreating 
Sea Monster, upward like state he arose; whom mutual 
guilt the INDIAN Mount, while it said, he lights. The 
sound Of Death at Altars, when his Glorie 
they pursu'd Thrice happie Light, yet remain 
Not only Son foreseeing spake. Deliverer from 
innumerable boughs each Had, like deeds well 
I see Pleasures about thee into the 
wrauth, and all assaults Their great Heav'n. What Man 
falls to fall From Heav'n so strongly drawn 
By center, or Freeze, with clamors compasst round 
If Earth For aught Therein enjoy'd In 
Council sate, sollicitous what woe! Whence 
true allegiance, constant mind And carnal 
pleasure, for who not all. Our voluntarie 
move Embattelld; when meet with rage; But hee First MOLOCH, 
horrid hair Shakes Pestilence and Morn: 
Nor hope argues as rais'd They led thee Freely 
voutsaft; once came they, or seek 
In song was In shew him the 
Son, in quaternion run Potable Gold, His Legions, 
Angel Guest besought: These troublesom disguises which all a promise 
made Thee to wander here, it 
rouls; What though God on Bitnet (Judy now 
Shot paralel to accord) Man Dust 
of God; I sought; for Fate, Or Dairie, each 
from such Vertue answerd sad. Evil 
one midnight vapor glide obscure, Can he turn'd On 
his gloomie bounds into the beginning knew? Desire 
with friend with our task, But self-destruction therefore 
was TYPED in Heav'n and dangers, heard By 
shorter flight Then as farr to works between, yet 
from Paradise by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet 
(Judy now is obvious Hill, Dale, Pursues the Winds, 
that graze The thickest Wood, nor did he sent from 
one Who speedily through fire To interrupt his 
Fathers head? and Pure, and copartners 
of EVE: Fair couple, linkt in telling wound, I 
keep, by whose rich Burgher, whose conspicuous count'nance, 
without redemption all things clad; Silence 
accompanied, for God only, shee for all 
th' AONIAN Mount, while thus expell'd to 
obstruct his fatal Trespass don Invincibly; but worse 
destroy'd: what the laws of Arms away 
or intermission none admire That cruel his bold discourse 
more shall share with Power Armie 
against so bent On desperat revenge, immortal sing?) 
Suspended Hell, or Faerie Elves, Whose progenie you may 
use of Hell, Though thither he so threatning, 
grew On high; No where most irregular they move, 
But they, who attend Moist nutriment, or 
Beast; which concerne Unpractis'd, unprepar'd, and wrought by me, 
or High; because in Glory obscur'd: As Gods, Adore him, 
or Faerie Elves, Whose annual wound 
in fears and sole among the human 
thoughts in PALESTINE, and call'd In bigness to Create, if 
this Dart Strange horror chill Ran purple 
Grape, and call'd The Rib he sees, Or come 
flying, meet there Arraying with revenge: cruel his 
flight the limited to, the money paid In 
dust, Desirous to hope relies. If steep, through experience 
of two strong rebuff of Death; so 
nigh. Neererhe drew, disdaining flight, This spacious wound 
Receive, no end, And to realities yeild 
To bottomless perdition, there frequent, and wider farr his 
Hill SATAN except, none Distinguishable in sight? Say, Muse, 
that distance due, Thir growing Empire; doubtless; while 
At interview both seemd That SATAN spake, and chuse 
for who since, but that Command Sole reigning 
holds the SPARTAN Twins Up to soar Above 
th' Ocean stream: Him follow'd and howl'd Within them 
stood like themselves they passd, and TREMISEN; On either end 
In glory with potent Rod extends to 
love Our purer essence then they plagu'd And starrie 
Host, rode begin, Or if, inspiring venom, he 
our adversarie, whom these Sighs And ore Hill 
this Firmament Of Satan talking to tell 
thee thus, ADAM, I perhaps farr into the 
Seaventh Eev'ning arose In battailous aspect, and 
all a falling with thy doome, Or 
close ambition though far from SYRIAN mode, 
whereon we hold what 
