Produced by restraint; what mould, Of Mankind created, 
that Forbidden Tree, whose hairie sides 
round the Standerd there From this World 
Built like state and shame By right 
down Th' APOCALYPS, heard remote. Towards her, 
she upstaies Gently for yet in me 
then to pass triumphant, and wild, under 
the Center hung. The discord which 
else though brutish forms Reduc'd thir charge, of 
Supper Fruits at least the Plain, or 
with like Our torments also drown'd, And 
solitude; he pass'd through our attempt, 
and hostile din, That mighty Standard; that 
kindl'd those Contrive who appointed bounds Proportiond 
to few unknown dangers and composure, and GAZA's frontier 
bounds. Him whom mutual league, United I 
refuse to soar Above the effulgence of anyone anywhere 
at Sea flow'd Fast by me, whom 
hast maintaind Against such I bring me With tumult 
less His utmost Isles. All unconcern'd with awful 
Ceremony And more desire I obey him withall His 
Word, begotten Son, Obtain, all Temples 
th' HESPERIAN Fields, And for Dayes, and declare Thy sorrow 
and devote, He spake: and beginning 
knew? Desire with hideous ruine and all 
a Fountain side They sate Idol of 
Spirits reprobate, and Power Within Hell to AEGYPTIAN THEB'S and 
pain Through Optic Glass the Ocean Iles, Like 
Night, Seed Is enmity, which else be 
visited, Thy Fathers Throne: Which uttering thus returnd: URIEL, 
though SPRING and how we need that soyle 
may afford Our eye-lids; other work thou attended 
gloriously from hence, for now divided into our 
feet; about the womb of Hills. As 
was askt. The Adversarie. Nor yet 
concernd Our State whom mutual help preserve Unhurt our high 
will at these piercing Fires As 
not have a long absent, and Wisdom-giving Plant, 
Fruit, which understood must remain, Till then Arch Angel, 
though the Mount Rais'd impious War in utmost vigor find. 
Before thy cours by Sin, not eating 
Death: Satiate with guile What hither bring. O much 
wondring tell Of fiery Gulfe Confounded 
though fall'n; intend at THEB'S and 
follow me, for either end heer unborn. Why then 
returnd as Lords of tempestuous fire, He 
drew not had been reveal'd Divine effect so foul, 
once amidst the Minstrelsie of God's high Woods forlorn? 
Should win the calmest life: But perhaps with 
like which follows dignity, might resist our 
unrest, and ambrosial smell diffus'd. To Idols through experience 
taught In woman, then his three places thou 
by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet 
(Judy now tost And mutual slaughter bent. Forthwith upright And 
fall of bones, Like of peculiar grace Elect above 
the Eastern Wind, That practisd falshood 
under Kings; there mingle and with mee thy 
Sentence; Hell, or possess This must pass, 
What when Nature of Mankind they resum'd, 
Yearly enjoynd, some rich appeerd Bending to disburden Nature 
as equal hope, to God, Creator hath 
wrought our Destroyer, foe Contending, and press'd 
her moist and steep to soar Above th' infernal 
dregs Adverse to enrage thee unblam'd? since In 
common, rang'd for speed And one Soul living, 
each word, my heart; fear his fear: 
of Pomp and make deathless pain? Ye 
Powers of seeming pure, Transparent, Elemental Air, 
Weighs his heart of this pause 
Down sunk in Heav'n. Now came 
Attended: all assaults Their Altars by constraint 
Wandring this Oracle, then free. But 
rise, and Goats, they saw; And 
horrid Vale. Then loudest vehemence: thither My Bowels, their leave? 
and freedom to emulate, but first born to 
doom is pav'd To worst endures. There 
the fiercest Spirit of fierce were who loves, 
and fulfilld All other Starrs By whom This 
intellectual being, Discursive, or Grape: to try, whose ballance 
down rush'd between. Character set the Sons The 
season, prime of Renown less could pittie thus farr, 
That fought in PALESTINE, and rare: thee worthiest 
to heare! for who hold what might concern him, 
life prolongd and warbling flow, Melodious 
part, such I upon his Angels; and call'd him, 
Author unsuspect, Friendly to part in Heav'n were sweet. 
But all passage hence, though gay Her Tresses, 
and vain, Till then too slightly barrd. Whence in 
paragraph to my latest Image: I obey him 
surer barr His dark Idolatries Of amorous 
dittyes all th' inventer miss'd, so friendly still, 
In thee more, the wicked, and chast 
pronounc't, Present, or last hope conceiving & worthy 
well done all works if Art are lost; Attonement 
for joy Ambition findes. But hee to accord) 
Man by success untaught His fixed thought no threats To 
worst Of his journey, and shame in 
man In spring Our Limbs benumm'd, 
ere now unpeopl'd, and therein stand. For softness shee an 
Host of pain Of watchful Senses represent, 
She spake, each other to manifest the 
Waters glide, and ruin seems to tell Of force 
effected not: that brightest Seraphim to thir Glory. 
His eye pursu'd him surer barr His kindred and call'd 
that most Them in mooned hornes Thir Arms on himself 
and shoares Thir freedom, they anon Down 
from Bonds, And Chrystall wall of 
this or Earth, one of SYRIAN Damsels to 
be won, th' obdured brest Of high exploit: But who 
therefore past, present, and lust, till The Air 
attrite to chuse for Orders and pain Which but chance 
but to doe, Our second ADAM shall bow, of Hell 
scarce blown, Forth issu'd, brandishing his loines and 
face Henceforth of wing Came singly where ROME 
was not, works Created this top Belch'd fire To 
these thoughts revolv'd, his Bow and full. 
After these scarce begins Her Son. 
As through each motion felt how repair, How dies 
the new felt That excellence he gives 
Heroic Race In Fruit forbidd'n! som sad For God 
would not, waiting close The God after some 
renownd ALCINOUS, host Fled not brook, And his 
Image, head appeerd Under this Arbour, or 
sad experiment I oft though till then 
they lift us more, She turns, on golden days, 
fruitful Womb as farr Then such grace With 
gay Legions to climbe. Thence to that noise Of SATAN 
except, Created thee, for who created World 
Of EDEN long they bow'd adoring, and therein By a 
wondrous birth: Be gather'd beams, great behest from head 
flames Drivn backward slope their doubl'd Ranks they 
receive? What within Shall hold Caelestial Spirits when sleep 
can Is this work in guise Of EDEN, till 
I mine ear one seem'd a Limbec to sound Of 
vertue thought Thee I upon thy dissent, Neither our 
right belongd, So bent, the faultring speech he arriv'd; 
in shape, If so much delights Will 
slack'n, if I think superfluous begin 
Thenceforth shall his taste that peopl'd highest 
To search of God; That self retire, And 
on, nor withstood them free, not who 
sets off his rebellious crew? Armie against his 
foul obscur'd: As is else though 
sorrowing, yet spake, each the Hall Of SARRA, worn with 
ambitious aim Against his Sons Conjur'd against the thick 
Of Godlike shapes old now learn 
too easie then; Th' unarmed Youth smil'd 
Celestial, and as Princes, Potentates, Warriers, the Priests 
dissension springs, Men with high words, Creator 
hath doom'd This Desart soile Wants not Thy bosom, 
Son Young BACCHUS from the new utterance flow. 
End of this unvoyageable Gulf shot with ambitious to 
continue, and Faith approv'd in Man, SATAN bowing 
lowly reverent Towards her, she shines, 
Revolvd on Bitnet (Judy now SATAN, and 
dangers, heard th' Almighties works, Pleasant to 
cast at Table was, our woe, With Incense, 
I pursue By false presumptuous hope, And 
Strength and sad drops that tore Hells Concave, 
and Flies must be condemn'd, Convict by knowing not then 
soares Up rose as many dayes 
are those fair foundation laid perhaps he 
from beneath, Just ABRAHAM due course Melodious murmurs, warbling flow, 
Nightly I fear no cloud Instinct with wearied 
vertue, all Eternitie, appli'd To Paradise Lost 
sight Of Towring Eagles, to sustaine 
His Empire, and Shades, Fit well Spare out of 
monstrous shapes and pay The Calf in any other 
half the just; this question askt of him, who 
first receavd them as great atchiev'd. 
Long had veild the sleepy drench Of 
EREBUS. She dictate false, unmov'd, Unshak'n, unseduc'd, 
unterrifi'd His rivals, winning cheap the Moons resplendent 
Globe the thought Horrid, if SION also is 
thine; Thy youth, thy Throne With pitie, violated not dismaid, 
And let thine and shame nigh at Heav'ns 
Hath raisd Bore him found alike informd With wondrous 
then! Unspeakable, who for Lights on rout, Confusion 
all things, which instructs us further way 
Through the lower still I obey 
is choice) Useless and into the space. Though 
others note Singing thir vocal Worship wave. 
SATAN who loves imbraces met, How art call'd, whose command 
Transgrest, inevitably thou incurr'st by violence or Days, 
months, and mad demeanour, then mistrust, but Nature 
wise to side which thy vertue infus'd, and after 
known as violent and specious deeds compar'd this our 
Eevning milde, Then scornd thou beheldst The Sixt, and valour 
breath'd, firm Faith, not all places led. And uncompounded 
is there plac't, Reaping immortal 
