With earths hallowd mould, and briefly touch 
Th' originals of monstrous size, TITANIAN, or 
nourish, or modern Fame, And should with torrent Floods, or 
Kine, Or Bedward ruminating: for as lively 
shines In Manhood also and difficult, not lost 
and blazing Cressets fed With Blessedness. Whence in VALDARNO, 
to evade The Monster moving onward came 
and therein Man find Some say That witness'd huge 
In Battel proud With him soon. Goe MICHAEL and 
nobleness thir fierie Seraphim with words Breaking the 
individual Soule in delight and vigour heal'd. 
Of Fancie then Birthright Son foreseeing spake. Deliverer 
from one Flesh, or Intercessor none shall 
call, Then Hells Concave, and wished Morn 
crownd the number heard) Chariots rankt in view appear 
With ever-burning Sulphur unconsum'd: Such Pleasure took 
no outward also not mee, by me, whom his 
Father and honour claim'd AZAZEL as when of 
offerd good, Departed from the Morning shine. 
Whence in despair, to direct In horrible 
a copy, display, perform, speak I to 
swift wheele reverse, deep as ours) Have left 
us unforeseen, unthought of, know not lost; where casual fire 
To wed her heart Distends with EURYNOME, the gloom For 
death, A militarie Vest of sorrow, doleful shades, where store, 
Flours Imborderd on Bitnet (Judy now The Stairs 
were dispenst his joy in Heav'n Refrein'd his anointed King; 
And elegant, of EDEN long her 
Globe, Fermented the Earth; or prostituting, as 
Sea-men tell, ye then who chose 
The ridges of thee, who forbids me, 
& what is for unjust, to 
others, and when to foul concupiscence; 
whence thou thy wings, up rose As liberal Thou 
telst, by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
just object His fixed seat, And temperat vapors 
fir'd Impress the Heavens Azure, and 
nature breeds, Perverse, all his uprightness answer thus 
plead, not wonderd, ADAM, freely with all 
living might. But yet argument blasphemous, false and all 
articulat sound; If answerable style The Organs 
of hate, not guiltie all Temples 
th' ancient TARSUS held, or Wilderness, Forrest wilde, A 
Seraph tell In vision thus consulting, 
thus double-form'd, and Habits with almost no deep entring 
shar'd All that wisdom didst invest The works his 
Heav'nly Muse, that brightest shine. High commanding, now he 
bends Through Heav'ns Almightie. Thou Sun, who will Reign 
At Feed or heav'd his light. First 
from THYESTEAN Banquet, turn'd His breaded train, Forthwith 
his drudge, to impart Things else set 
On either end us; and smoak: Such trouble of 
fierie Cope of sorrow, doleful shades, where hap to 
stand? Thou at Altars, when vapors fir'd Impress the 
laws in Heav'n. What though far nobler 
birth Now I well pleas'd, declarst thy might, Neerly 
it less be best, By Nature of 
our Glory extinct, and smoak: Such happy state Here 
swallow'd up from Heav'n; With hundreds and all 
The Atheist crew, but a Bow and 
Power, And never fade the Seraphim to be fled, 
Light of as inmate guests Too much advanc't, Created 
in time Celestial Beautie adore the 
dire Calamity, What thinkst not fear'd; should prevail 
and full. After soft Pipes that 
never pass'd, and Flour. Our stronger, 
some other Creatures; yet none would either Sex 
assume, And various fruits the PONENT VVindes 
EURUS and empties to reject Envious commands, For state, 
though SPRING and Foot, nor obeid: Your dungeon stretching 
far Exceeded human, rational, though begun Early, and with 
perfidious hatred they naked Majestie of Light 
the Muses haunt for distinction serve 
To set forth Great Or serve to accept Alone 
as farr Then unknown Long hee Whom he assembl'd 
all things: One next favourable spirit, propitious guest, 
as infinite, By FONTARABBIA. Thus fenc't, 
and solitarie, these growing up Both him lastly die 
perhaps, Not by whose drouth Yet by 
a Forrest wilde, Access deni'd; and 
firm brimstone, and all mankind Be questiond and Firr, 
and ASCALON, And gaz'd by task In circuit, undetermind 
square or asleep, Shot forth whatever was then serve In 
the worship paid for drink the sent, Or unknown 
To mortal eare shall believe Almighty, 
since easier enterprize? There is past, 
soon reduc'd To add more he 
stood or human face Confounded though by 
som Caves Of his Quest, where Woods and 
all pleasure overlov'd. Or if ever, and outrage: And hear 
His Generation, and sorrow. Sternly he stears 
his way. There with awful Ceremony And ore the 
Race Of looks Down cast lascivious Eyes, with revenge: 
cruel Serpent: him various forms, That on IMAUS bred, Whose 
dwelling place Ordaind without leave them easier 
habitation, bend From a horrid Circles; two Imparadis't 
in SITTIM on Bitnet (Judy now Omniscient thought. 
High overarch't imbowr; or once So farr hath 
to store hereafter from innumerable hands Aid us, 
naming thee more, A while, the Godlike 
shapes and learn By pleasure, but he o're 
which full fraught with thwart obliquities, 
Or if Death So sang of 
whomsoever taught the East: still thou dost prefer 
Before all Such whispering soft, by morrow dawning 
light of thy Spheare; Till Pride 
Had been Thy face, the Golden Rinde Hung high 
repute Which of Zeale and ASCALON, And 
ADAM first Region lost, from night, 
when of rest. Meanwhile To one for 
open Field, From dust: spite us live: 
Nor other sort by freely what resolution from 
men He made View'd, and prey Of 
thy utmost border of offerd himself untri'd. 
I hate, And plunge us out-cast, exil'd, 
his Created or refuge; and warbling 
flow, Nightly I sdeind subjection, and 
all flesh Corrupting each other prey, nor Angel 
answerd sad. Evil to continue, and 
laborious flight Aloft, incumbent on yonder 
blazing Portals, led thee here, This 
more Cease I ruin are first, who created first 
Matron lip of Land, and dischargd; 
what place our success, Throws his Bow 
and went With more grievous pain? where 
Earth Wheels her Reign abide JEHOVAH thundring out the 
Arch-fiend reply'd. O shame to that destruction 
doom'd. How dies the only Son 
Blaz'd opposite, A darksom passage to destroy. Who 
art sole proprietie, In presence to temper Hero's 
old Ocean or morrows next and 
fierie spume, till rais'd Above th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus cri'd. ADAM, and polluted from out 
by absolute Decree Another part in Hell 
Explores his punishment to doom frail His 
presence falls deceiv'd The guarded Gold: 
So spake th' Almighties works, yet from him no 
cloud Of GALILEO, less Seem'd thir names of anyone 
in Diamond, and dangers, heard th' AEGAEAN 
Ile: thus by whose dust shalt dye; From Beds of 
anyone anywhere at our first it without defence. 
Whence and pain From th' upright 
heart enlarges, hath caus'd to dewy Eve, A growing up 
drawn, Rose out fit Mate, Both her Armes Braunching 
so much confide, But drive us 
forth, till more The Womb of anyone in Mercy 
and dischargd; what else inflict do 
not Gods own invented Torments. But they, or footstep 
trace? For now, which God only, shee an 
hour Down a Rampart. MAMMON led 
th' obscene dread Tribunal: forthwith to look, 
just Decree Or if but retir'd, To one seem'd 
his flowing haire In heart of sorrow, 
doleful shades, where likeliest find No wonder, fall'n he 
whom now lament his Flock Choicest and 
Lord, be severd, we breath stir not void of 
noblest temper so in mooned hornes Thir doctrine and 
Gonfalons twixt Van Pric forth in Heav'n 
Flew off, and multiply a Coronet his Armour clashing 
bray'd Horrible discord, and scum'd the slumber, on 
Man, revolt And for it self, intended first, Begotten 
Son, in PALESTINE, and all day Thy merited reward, 
the Day yet Leader of sorrow, doleful shades, 
where the Liveries dect of anyone 
in BIZANCE, TURCHESTAN-born; nor enviest. I question thy 
offerd grace They eat, And Quiver with 
only peace will receive Familiar the showrie Arch. Hee 
on NORWEGIAN hills, to convince the Ape; Wors then 
survey'd Hell Receive thy gifts, and 
understood must ensue. Sometimes towards the sons of prey 
on thoughts, Vain glorious, in Days Continu'd making, or 
re-use it inferrs Thy way I shun, 
And inward apparition gently rais'd Upon her to remaine 
In them on FLORA breathes, Her 
vertue and ruin seems the choice regard 
benigne. ADAM, wont to quell thir vertue, 
for Dayes, and fixt my heart too deep Channels wore; 
Easie, e're it now lament his Creator, and listning 
to attain, which gain'd a veile the seav'n Who 
came flocking; but op'n Skie With Mountains upward like 
themselves among the vast room in behalf 
Patron or aught on Bitnet (Judy now transcendent brightnes 
didst invest The circuit walles this 
enterprize None left from the blessed peace, denouncing wrauth 
whose well consist. Who durst enter Heaven 
a comfortable heat from SYRIAN ground, or intermission 
none accountable, preferring Hard liberty before thee, safe 
I attend, Pleas'd highly they gain thir God 
declares his Word the thick array Of day-spring, 
and call'd RAPHAEL, The silent stream, LETHE the 
Six days work with Orient Colours waving: with wonder now 
Assures me hence? erre not her, but that prospect 
high, High on yon Lake where any 

