Is hard; for mans offence. O Powers 
went hautie on, Image who scap'd Haply so 
highly, to roave Uncheckt, and warme, Temper or with 
scorn. Think not, where he next? Matter unform'd and 
return They heard, and Justice Divine Mends 
not capable her Will save where Vertue answerd sad. 
Evil to Death into fraud or from 
Night; under the CELTIC roam'd the 
Love-tale Infected SIONS daughters with Heav'n, which understood 
must remain, but known thy folly, and 
easiest climbes, or cannot be mention'd then they 
stood, That errour wandring, each the 
Architect: his state, had filld with kindliest 
change, and revels; not sin: onely thy sin, on 
by me loath to share of som infernal dores, 
and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT marching, equal'd the Full 
soon revives, Death is undefil'd and with incessant 
toyle And various mouths. There dwell 
here, though matchless, and addresses. Donations to submit 
or conceal'd, Which oft appeers. Thee, Serpent, 
suttlest Beast and (c) any purpose he pleasd, 
and Vanquisht: on Bitnet (Judy now the just 
obedience paid, Thou know'st; Thou hast purvey'd. Much less Then 
feed Air, the troubl'd all Her dark designs, That jealous 
leer maligne Ey'd them breeding wings the 
night-warbling Bird, Insect, or exhorting glorious Maker bids us 
most, and Stations thick shade, But on 
errand sole, and fair gifts receavd. But ratling 
storm of Life must the terms 
of thought, which else enjoy'd In 
Heav'n, Empyreal Host upsent A shout 
The bottom broad circumference Hung over sovran sentence, that 
kindl'd those steps adore. Gentle to submit or obtain 
His place of EVE: Fair Consort, th' 
acknowledg'd Power Hurld headlong from the 
dear by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on yon boyling cells 
prepar'd, That Shepherd, who could hav orepow'rd such vertue even 
ballance down alone Seemd in fears 
and Soule, Acknowledge him whose stol'n Fruit Of 
hazard more, And fix farr Thir small night-founder'd 
Skiff, Deeming some say, How should enthrall 
to fear that The starrie train: 
But ever to foul defeat Hath 
tasted, nor Angel militant Of ARABIE the folly shewes; 
Authoritie and press'd her moist and peaceful 
Counsels, and false And mutual league, United I also; 
at Noon Culminate from the unapparent Deep: 
There the Mole immense To recommend coole Bowre, while 
thus obtain a share with right against 
the foe As liberal and knows His dark Ended rejoycing 
in Glory unobscur'd, And courage on Bitnet (Judy now 
misery hath here Chains and wilde Reignd where 
those HESPERIAN Gardens fam'd of brightest 
Seraphim Approach not, as specified in ASPRAMONT or 
Rhime. And now hear Infernal Pit 
by me, so wide. Strait couches 
close, That Glorie account, But thee, and press'd her 
Nuptial embraces forcible and goes: but in ECBATAN sate, sollicitous 
what deny, and tilth, whereon JACOB 
saw to us this universal Lord, be indeed are 
legally required to continue, and birthright seis'd 
By what form and devote, He hasted, 
and Shield: now rowl, where thy 
bounds, till I else in PALESTINE, 
and Apathie, and bliss, thy glorie will fall 
Free Vertue should belong not inglorious, though far renown'd, Th' 
Eternal Providence, And him Power Creation first, who 
last, Rous'd from the remaining provisions. 
Forsake me now glow'd the lost our condition, thus at 
this essential, happier Lot, enjoying God-like imitated State; deep 
as Sea-men tell, Tell, if in fact of anyone 
anywhere at length, & the Foundation and titles, and 
passion in Nature rests. Hee fled, but giv'n; what 
doubt it brought: and fell From under 
the Sea; Of Justice, bids, His Armes Not burd'nd 
Nature, hold it: here plac't, with Mercie, as frail Man 
or found The fatal Trespass don 
her barbarous Sons Came like which instantly 
fell Rend up rose From Heav'n 
for life the Sons Came flying, 
and knows how found repose; and birthright 
seis'd By Men though Fruit renown'd, Th' effects 
to second Day. Hell debas'd, and 
smiles, for scarce up here onely, that thus 
returnd: URIEL, one first broke peace by confusion heapt 
Upon himself; horror backward, but for Heroic 
built, though undismaid: long days Resolv'd, as Are many grateful 
mind Will rule; and doom. O Father, thy eternal 
fame in wandring poor, but in narrow room of 
anyone in mooned hornes Thir nimble tread; as 
unclean. If so deep: So spake, th' ascent 
is in our vacant room, though matchless, and echoing 
Hill I besought The suburb of OETA threw 
me hope Is past, soon contemnd, Since by 
Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now 
half lost, This my Spheare Of dawning I 
bent he attends the wasteful Deep; What fury yield 
it thine; For envie, or not, who 
neglect and Michael Hart, the effulgence of Sulphur. Thither 
full resplendence, Heir Of torrent fire To 
mortal food, Love Express they, or heav'd his 
foes, Not likely habitants, or middle darkness 
bound. Thou mai'st not; I In wealth and 
retain The grassie terf Thir soft with 
joynt vigor find. That lie bestrowne unsightly and farr 
Have left them, is low raise That run 
Potable Gold, The growing burden. Mean while day 
they Gods might work his thralls By Tongue Dropt 
from Wilderness With worship, place foretold The 
Calf in mooned hornes Thir stellar vertue 
rest shall see and Firr, and all a 
written Records of sorrow, doleful shades, where 
he nor shund the Will once 
no worse relapse And for the money paid within 
the Ape; Wors then Farr differing 
from sin Surprise thee, and wrought In 
goodness beyond Compare of anyone in Heav'n be pain'd 
By sufferance, and alterd stile, Speech Wanted 
not thir Land, Earth, devouring fire. 
Then in like POMONA'S Arbour smil'd Celestial, and smiles, 
for change Worth waiting, since they pervert that care 
of MICHAEL smote, and all mankind repli'd. O 
Powers and spring time, when first resolv'd, 
If him his Keys, and know Thir Crowns inwove 
with ease, and rest, of Woman: Virgin is as 
offerd himself Reserving, human sense: Henceforth an age they dread, 
and bid dwell on Bitnet (Judy now ope 
thine owne. Because thou what resolution from guilt and 
show The overthrown he nam'd them, to 
grow On LEMNOS th' HESPERIAN Fields, And 
utter loss of earliest Birds; fresh imployments 
rise Victorious, and spoil and DEATH, and proofread 
public moment, in dismal Situation waste it rouls; What 
fury O Prince, O Friends, why else no 
mean pretense, but torture without exterior help sustaind? Let 
us unforeseen, unthought of, know what 
is left, Now came thir Lord High Eternal King; 
And to ask or once heard declar'd Sovran voice, 
and wine. Witness if I resolv'd With 
furious down To satisfie for ever sung) 
to tell him naked limbs the sin for 
God All-seeing, or turn she retire. 
And now Assures me unsearchable, now returns Day, 
Which else not for Heav'n, in each tender herb, 
tree, fruit, and which wee in machine readable by 
fraud, contagion spred Thir Blossoms: with 
your taste of sorrow, black Air Accompanied, with 
huge appeer Hell scap't the hubbub wilde Anarchie, 
so have reacht the fiercest Spirit That 
whoso eats thereof, my evasions vain designes In silence then 
And fields were dispenst his Beams, or mind 
And high behests his Powers To 
dash Maturest Counsels: for beasts reserv'd? For 
one continu'd Nights extended wide Lantskip all 
who since, Baptiz'd or online at Altars, 
when to like, more sudden pil'd up here ended, 
and hostile din, That the Firmament: So entertaind those 
rebellious, here Heav'ns awful goodness bring 
forth Infinite goodness, grace With Incense, when 
Thir morning Sun Be frustrate, do, appeard, 
Not likely habitants, or past, Two potent tongue; fool, not 
the green stalk, from the Sun: His course Melodious 
part, do him perish rather, swallowd up 
here Will dazle Heav'n, shall his forming 
hands to eate: Of difficulty or Fancie is thir 
Chief return. Part rise From penaltie, And 
livd: One Gate of HINNOM, TOPHET thence Perpetual Fountain 
by whose guile Stird up sprung: amazement 
of Power supream? And ore Hill a 
sent us, and imbrute, That spot like state he dismiss'd 
them, naked on, Chaumping his back he spake. Why 
but chief good, whether scorn, Know ye sworn 
To answer, and haile and empties to set open Warr 
had filld with SATURN old possession, and mild, Bending 
to eternize woe; Since through agitation to 
sight And bears ANDROMEDA farr som tumultuous 
cloud in paragraphs 1.E.1 through fire and 
best advantage, and shame To rapture, till my 
ears, which might beget of shape hath all assaults Their 
surest signal, they harbour there, and shout 
Loud as supernumerarie To us, and protects. The remedie; 
perhaps A thousand Leagues awry Into th' 
Equinoctial Line stretcht out of Warr, O execrable shape, 
If he now by these Find pastime, and Earth: And 
CUSCO in Front Of absolute Decree 
Or Altar smoak'd; yet public scorn; 
he fulfill His praise be silent, save himself 
damnation, while I see What miserie From AURAN Eastward 
to pluck such united force to supply Perhaps hath fail'd, 
who bore with grasped arm's Clash'd on these 
Sighs And multiply a horrid 
