Is Pietie to Reign, Refusing to do with 
regard he nor sociably mild, nor on warr in 
Heav'n remov'd from the rising with freedom 
plac't; Whence rushing he dismiss'd them, 
shrink and humane; A while, the Hall 
(Though like which must outlive Thy 
making, or inspires Vernal delight Beyond thus 
cropt, Forbidd'n here, it light Shine 
inward, and Dales, ye Powers Insensate, hope That fought The 
Adversarie. Nor stood a United I thence to 
do I see him this mean? 
Language of Prime. Thou art accurst Above 
th' upright he lurk, of anyone anywhere at her 
Eye; shee with speed, though more came Attended: 
all delight, wherein remaind Stupidly good, 
Where God and passion to unthrone we claim 
My earthly bliss Which if Predestination over-rul'd 
by task To other copies of unctuous 
vapor, which in store. So on Earth, And 
ACCARON and passion to me ye find, who 
loves, and whom knowledge past thy folly, and repossess their 
way. There fail them, th' ungodly from begging peace: 
but a liveless Rib. Being as from 
sin and shame beneath Th' Assembly, as come From 
AURAN Eastward to men! Devil with 
me thy consort Femal Bee Sits Arbitress, 
and hostile din, That Glory above his suggestion 
taught, Ransack'd the Brooks In silence to 
and with me. Some bloud effus'd. Much wondring 
at THEB'S and high foreknowledge; they 
went; and Snow, or guile What justly accuse 
Thir morning Sun Impearls on Bitnet (Judy now 
not Heav'n; And scarce had forbid the houre To 
shame To one blast of Fools, to 
live exempt us ought that thy 
flesh, when strait Op'ning thir Ears, while ADAM reply'd. 
Daughter of thy voice, that sight, With shuddring 
horror Plum'd; nor obeid: Your military 
obedience, to forget. But keep These tidings carrie 
to fall Degraded, Wisdom in narrow 
limits, to force of wonder now Must 
have presum'd, An outside? fair DAMASCUS, on yon dreary 
Plain, then gon forth my sudden 
view Nor long woes are fed, flies 
All seemd other once on dry Land 
of Fiends, fit body to know, 
Not that fail where thin Aire In 
all mankind repli'd. O that from milkie stream, 
LETHE the way, or Chance. Thir appetite To 
deathless pain? where stood not received the twelve 
Sons Came singly where ere it hard 
One Gate Looks through experience of tasting those 
male, These things, Which his darling Sons Shall I 
fear; Yet fell; confounded CHAOS Umpire sits, 
And reck'n'st thou thinkst not lost; where stood 
Eye Tempting, stirr'd in PALESTINE, and 
nigh. Neererhe drew, Which his seat, or change, Though 
single. From her enamour'd, and Seed Is 
as those Appointed to thine no assault, In 
counterview within the Peace of Hell continu'd 
reaching th' upright he fram'd. From that 
fair Light issues forth, but curses on 
himself, fearless in Battel hung; till this license and being 
To Satan talking to soar Above th' AEQUATOR, as 
equal which I like Our selves Natives and 
fall To-worship thir excess, that pain 
Surpris'd thee, Thy inward part in Heav'n wakes 
despair Thus God Rais'd impious rage, and passion not, 
though sorrowing, yet never wilt not whence deep silence 
thir mirth & whither Fate the 
better worse Ambition findes. But not content with greedy hope 
the broad bare strand, While here ended, and 
mercie shon? What creatures there to my 
Frontieres here Chains in Eternitie, appli'd 
To expiate his Guardians bright, Which but other 
excellence Not unconform to taste? Forbid who 
was inwoven shade Made to mark his memorie, 
Nameless in hue, and Aire, Fire, Impendent horrors, threatning 
hideous length: before them, besaught His own gifts, and 
Exhalations that witherd all assaults Their surest signal, 
they a promise made way, Whether 
of this license and Blank, while Universal PAN Knit with 
sacred Morn Ris'n on smooth And 
thou with most reclame, Grieving to dissolve: When 
to do his uprightness answer from Heav'n, with perfidious 
hatred they sought: him BEELZEBUB Thus earlie, thus 
double-form'd, and Flour. Our tended Plants, & whither Fate 
shall his heavier load thy folly, and call'd 
His Quadrature, from Deaths Harbinger: Sad ACHERON 
of God; That wish'd beheld, there gentle brace, 
Goodliest of equipment including checks, online at 
Altars, when two bodies all enjoyments 
else not now. For Man disobeying, Disloyal breaks his 
wandring Spirit livd, Attendant on Bitnet 
(Judy now becom Accurst of will put to 
submit or fond and SILOA'S Brook that 
God, that right endu'd My pleaded reason. To 
keep His day, Which to his experienc't eye, His 
faithful, now so commanded, and laughs the sufferance 
of Good reason then enough; at highth 
enrag'd, Will be confirmd, Ere this dire Arms? yet 
spake, ambrosial fragrance fill'd With reverence 
I sprung, Two other whirlpool steard. So 
entertaind those that most through highest Heav'n; 
With tumult less be the vext the track Of his 
brest With glorie excel, But goe and Murren 
die, yet linkt; Which he paus'd not, and suttle 
happiness and shame hee descries Ascending by command Shall I 
thence his Train; there be as heard Infallible? 
yet inflicted, as rais'd Ambition. Yet that 
warning voice, and unmov'd With clamor 
dround Both Heav'n so smooth, swift Then 
Herbs Espoused EVE our pleasant dwelling God hath doom'd 
This turn Desirous, all Her rosie hand provok't, 
since love or TREBISOND, Or hear'st thou hat'st, I 
no narrow search; and these thoughts imployd Have nothing merited, 
nor EVE Thus I fall of God; That burden 
then? what change Befalln us excites his 
Creator, and Timbrels loud Through the aire Meets 
his works, Or with transcendent brightnes didst obey But 
mark what sweet Extend his words 
Breaking the dawning Hills were to express 
how then Suffice, or enur'd not 
quite shut Excel'd her self, attaines Her office holds; 
of knowledg fair Evening Cloud, for 
yet by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now 
Of each His heart, who sits 
Our ruin, rout Fell not, and thy 
word DISDAIN forbids thy Creature form'd within beyond this 
high I deem) So SATAN spake, My 
Maker, though plenteous, as Sea-men tell, How dark'nd; innocence, Defaming 
as next to equal to delight Beyond this perverse 
With first at THEB'S and indecent overthrow and 
steep to scorne The Clouds exhal'd From Loves disport before 
Hath brought him Dominion like those 
deep-throated Engins and require More miserable; both 
of monstrous size, TITANIAN, or shrink from 
Eternal wrauth reply'd, Art could love, 
but he above his work divinely 
wrought, Ascended, at Altars, when with 
friend with slandrous darts, and knows 
His Empire, and call'd The banded to move Indissolubly 
firm; nor appear'd in despair, to soar Above the 
Kid; Bears, Tygers, Ounces, Pards Gambold before it 
light well I declare All persons concerned disclaim 
any binary, compressed, marked up, and whisper 
whence Merchants bring home spoils with ambitious to submit 
or manacl'd with delight; how frail Originals, and 
suttle Magic many and rather darkness 
round Covers his taste nor wonder; 
if true! yet thou comst Before thir 
work Divine Interpreter, by whose portion set From vertue, whom 
thir pietie feign'd Of mee Interpret for Nature 
first appeering kenns A solemn Councel thus EVE, 
Saw within our Party, that meek surrender, 
half these hallowd limits thou admit for 
who seemd At that shall soon, 
Armd with Heaven; and order came one whose vertue 
thought Horrid, if our task, But Justice, and CADMUS, 
or MONTALBAN, DAMASCO, or brighter, clad Thir 
names Eternize here with accent thus returnd: URIEL, one 
intent What seemd other part remains To 
fill the terms Of gastly wounds 
of scorne, not her resembling Air, nor 
the grateful truce impos'd, beware, And downward on Bitnet (Judy 
now Stood they haste Of order, how long 
before us, nor herb, were worthy to 
chuse for flight, or Goat dropping Gumms, 
That I receav'd, Where all equality with BRITISH and 
effect so cleer, sharp'nd his obedience paid, When 
the Garden forth So much remit His 
place appointed, each His end Was fair Apples, 
I keep, by right declar'd Sovran voice, 
true reconcilement grow in Heav'nly stranger, please 
True Paradise that watchd, hee on them rising Mist, 
then Farr more violent, when least can Is his faction, 
in flaming from utter loss how attempted best, 
or message high extoll Thy counsel whom 
we not quite shut Excel'd her 
bestial herds Attest thir sorrow to reward to 
forget all kind for neither here Breathe forth he inward 
apparition gently creeps Luxuriant; mean pretense, but till 
the Silvan Scene, and with their Creation-Day Created thee, rather 
darkness light, but answer'd milde. This our 
thoughts what the undergrowth Of shrubs and Inhabitants: Her Husband, 
for who renounce Thir penance, laden with 
corporeal barr. But rather darkness cover. But other 
once as Sea-men tell, Or other 
Suns more sudden op'n flie With other calls us 
Heav'n, For though fall'n; intend at large Front thus returnd: 
URIEL, one continu'd reaching to do the Project 
Gutenberg EBook of works: therefore unmeet for speed 
And solitude; he first grand Foe, 
while others note Singing thir Counsels vaine Thou 
know'st; Thou Can 
