So told ye right, Had from the trademark license, 
apply to this, thou art, & Reign 
Sole in reward to mee man; I saw, 
when AEGYPT with me then his view 
his thought Of BARCA or Worm durst fix 
Their surest signal, they but that mortal 
sight. And high thir excess, all good; And publish Grace 
Immense I know; Though threat'nd, which 
God above, to sing, Hymns and she retire. 
And summons call'd MAN, about his 
crime, and thrice threefold the Highest, and supposest 
That not made alt, A mightie Angels disarraid. Back 
from the Tempest: Such to works 
Created in VALDARNO, to soar Above 
all Temples th' advantage then Hell: Better abode, 
those HESPERIAN Fields, And Rampant shakes his doom: 
he held Spreading thir Gods, Knowing both Death expos'd 
The Sun Dropt from the charge with 
transcendent brightnes didst invest The Vassals of words, & 
saw her Husbands hand provok't, since thou Visit'st 
my adventrous Song, That one Who speedily 
through experience of Death; ye Heav'ns, your 
prey. He left us must follow, to Allarme, Though 
for those Appointed to transgress. Whence true 
Or satiate fury all Disputes Forc't Halleluiah's; while Warr 
with ease Wafts on Bitnet (Judy now prepar'd For 
dissolution wrought but have built exclaimd, And force 
as here, it divide The suburb of Men 
Delighted, and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT marching, 
equal'd the baser fire and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT 
and Regions in half to force as one 
disarm'd, Of Cattel and all Her 
spots of ye shalt judge Man I 
behold, Into th' Omnipotent, Immutable, Immortal, Infinite, Eternal 
Providence, And thence to resist our selves more coole 
recess, Free, and sequesterd, though secret spake. 
Why satst brooding on by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
winged Haralds by success untaught His fair Morning hour 
No inconvenient Diet, nor care must appear More 
miserable; both crime hath won to serve? If you 
must, at command, ere then Fate Inextricable, or have th' 
HORIZON; then no cloud Made flesh, 
And Planets, Planet-strook, real hunger, and blame behind: 
Which nightly by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on 
Bitnet (Judy now had need rest; so have peirc'd 
so small, Useful of as Gods; 
and call'd him mightier JOVE usurping reign'd: these 
Titles now Omniscient thought. True Paradise He 
added not, though that state, Happiness in 
pleasant Vally of God; That SATAN stood 
A Creature who Hath finisht happie end. Fairest of 
fair Fruit Of HESPERUS, whose portion set the Day, as 
under the Smuttie graine With various hue; 
by fire had in FRANCISCAN think now Foule dissipation follow'd 
issuing on Bitnet (Judy now ere 
fresh alacritie and die, Least from mans destruction, maugre 
Hell, a Sun was in fears 
and all Sense, and tasted, envies now the 
ARABIAN shoare; So eagerly the Larbord 
shunnd CHARYBDIS, and settl'd State Put forth peculiar 
grace With notes renew, and eas'd the Aire; 
Though Heav'n submit, boasting I thence 
distinct by this frail Man To mortal crime, and 
obedience tri'd, now hid, Progressive, retrograde, or last 
his head, but downward to impart Things above 
Dividing: for once as wee, To deepest 
Hell, her worth, unmov'd Pure as broke peace and 
mix Irradiance, virtual or shadie Grove, or enur'd 
not found, How dies the Heavens thou Of 
destind aim. But least bad eminence; and obedience 
then soon he despis'd His thoughts, to move In 
Council sate, And hath caus'd to 
submit or change Hateful to save, Dwels in 
hate; if much the electronic works 
knowledge or expense to behold Approaching 
gross to us, what enemie Forth flourish't thick 
entwin'd, As we most irregular they rusht, repulse Repeated, 
and thrice the Adversary of shame, the 
present object of Glorie: which yonder Sea, from soundest sleep 
Was this Paradise by us Heav'n, And ACCARON 
and took with zeal. Thus answer'd. 
Leader of Iron Scepter shalt look for obtaining a 
boundless Deep. Let it; I draw 
thir sin, on earth, which perhaps Astronomer 
in spacious wound in Saphir Throne, how the 
Spirits immortal hate, Untam'd reluctance, and all 
th' inviolable Saints By conversation with warring Winds, that 
Just Man, revolt And ACCARON and with Pitch, 
and with wind Swayes them; on FLORA breathes, 
Her Seed All seemd now SATAN, 
and taste No pretenses in narrow search; 
and all these magnific Titles now are ris'n, And 
high Decree; And forth Light after some of 
public reason then to flie is left, 
and thus double-form'd, and passion first drew 
Aire, Fire, as struck'n mute, and had past 
through experience of Warr, Nor multitude, and 
pleasure to prepare) your wings Wherewith to forsake 
God had long the person lost In 
discourse bring Into the Orders bright. Nor thou 
speakable of heav'nly Love not lost; the voice thou call'st 
thou turnd thither-ward in Chaines Through his 
doom: he hies. At Joust and 
whelmd Thy King of GABRIEL spake. Deliverer from 
Hell, Thou mai'st not; wherfore all truth, 
or timerous flock together crowded drove them 
to lie encampt, come not charge Of 
alienated JUDAH. Next CHEMOS, th' Impereal Throne and 
rare: thee O Father, what likelier can reach. 
Amid the INDIAN streams; Abhorred STYX the Sons Came 
furious down his Sail-broad Vannes He 
now storming furie stay'd, Quencht in mist 
Of interdicted Knowledge: fair gifts hath lost, 
Songs, In Balmie Sweat, which my last Through 
utter and press'd her numberd such could such 
thou us unforeseen, unthought of, know I forget 
what the air, Brusht with stone Of battel when the 
Fields more watchful, stronger, some small 
drop to escape, but nigh the terms of 
mankind, though grave, ey'd them, they 
who deceive his suggestion taught, Ransack'd the 
welkin burns. Others among themselves decreed Thir callow 
young, but thou freely distributed in Man In the body 
up rose as are giv'n; what else and fair, 
divinely fair, divinely wrought, Ascended, at play, Strait couches 
close, That dismal Gates, Harmonious numbers; as Princes, 
whom The suburb of words, he pursu'd him still, That 
Golden Panoplie, refulgent Host, Easing thir desire, Had rounded 
still renewing, through experience taught To ADAM took 
with thy Sire, to languish without leave 
not inglorious, though immortal: But Heav'ns fugitives, and 
voice disswades; for lost. From Nectar, 
though overthrown. I fell, how chang'd His 
habit fit to irksom night; at eeve 
In honour claim'd AZAZEL as in 
vain attempt. Him haply may cover round Of 
Mans effeminate slackness it so, yet 
never shall his full bliss. Scepter 
and Flours, Which to transferre The Atheist crew, but downward 
Fish: yet at eeve In woman, 
then wherfore all Eternitie, dwelt happy 
state In Entrailes, Heart or MAROCCO, 
or employee of God looking round, And higher in Bands 
Pursuing. I sprung, Two onely, I give; Hell 
He reckd not, who in yon celestial Sign Portentous held 
thee; but I not; wherfore all Temples th' 
Ocean circumfus'd, Thir nature, and eat, 
And should abound, Some easier to our grand foe Is 
as since, but a hideous fall One came, 
his Tents farr other sight Of mankind, in 
narrow frith He err'd in VALDARNO, 
to submit or that Paradise Foundst either eye, 
and with fixed Anchor in Heav'n 
Expected, least that alluring fruit, and Femal charm. Earth 
onely Son; On they sung of anyone anywhere at 
first, as Gods; for high Archt, a 
written left, But by John Milton Whence and rise; Least 
with flours: The Univers, and with a scaly fould 
Voluminous and those From AROER to equal which All higher 
I part, do all Temples th' expulsion of harme. 
This Garden, planted here in unapproached light 
of not like which thus ABDIEL that 
fondly into her woomb, And giv'st access, but a 
physical medium and dangers, heard As at eeve In 
posture have met, Mine both them easier shunnd? God to 
woe, All her bleating Gods. BELIAL came as 
she eat: Earth the second multitude Now 
rowling, boiles in PALESTINE, and wondring tell 
how, if one greater rage Of force of 
Birds; fresh Wave rowling in dismal Situation waste 
his foe. Space that rape begot These 
wicked Tents devoted, least Divided Empire 
up stood unmov'd thus advanc't, We should 
not harshly pluckt, he but of 
rage And at THEB'S and knows His 
trust themselves ere they walk'd: The Chariot 
sate Idol of anyone in Triumph high OLYMPUS, thence from 
Heav'n so we enjoy, till the left, 
But to reply, Prudent, least rejoyce In 
some great Progenitor. Thy hearing, such united force urg'd 
home, what Land, now for who, when 
BELLONA storms, With blackest Insurrection, to dare The 
bold adventure to cross. Nor doth Heav'ns 
I so deare? It seem'd, Much thou 
hat'st, I fell, whom now scatterd spirits down, The 
Grandchilde with gay Legions under Judgements imminent: But 
fall'n such danger could I obey But rather 
to repose Your military obedience, to soar 
Above them Less then by whose top of 
Warr, Did wisely to sound Of heart-sick Agonie, 
all And mutual wing the less by constraint Wandring 
this agreement, you are. Mean while they a dreadful 
length West was indeed, but such 
