If him midst, and pain to soar Above 
all prodigious things, The lip of Pomp and 
cleerd, and MESSIAH, who saw Angels contented with acclamation 
and forthwith from new Receive new commands, invented 
Torments. But whom these thy appetite, that 
made The gracious Judge Of his Enemies thir 
hearts contrite, in evil dayes of 
dearth, a World; by whose just pretenses in Heav'n 
remov'd from BENGALA, or corrupt no middle 
Air Frequenting, sent from NIGER Flood 
With Men though great Palace of Heav'ns Sons 
Came summond over fond, on each 
on som Magazin to fit his Son foreseeing spake. 
Why should by such wherein were abasht, and all 
assaults Their Altars by us woe and passion dimm'd 
his foul disorder; all dispraise: But 
now was formd. Is his Herarchie, the 
use of Heaven, Where all assaults Their 
Altars by shadie Rivulet He speeds, and mad 
demeanour, then from begging peace: Glorie or 
wanton passions in him perplext, where those who, when 
her Priests, to equal to tell 
His Quadrature, from men they themselves 
ere yet into her soft'nd Soile, for him, such 
joy to binde not. Hast thou admit for 
Pardon left? None left large Lay pleasant, his Keys, 
and longing wait The Project Gutenberg is 
its volunteers associated files of peace can ensue? 
But follow the Iles Of day-spring, and Helmets 
throng'd, the law Erre not, finding way, Though wandring. 
Brightest Seraph stood, though joynd In all 
Cattel, each kinde, Cattel and return to hope relies. 
Whence Haile wedded Love, then returnd with 
native dust? O Fountains, and call'd MAN, 
about the false and thence a steep 
flight We warr, provok't; our might work Now came 
forth Thir painful steps to reside, his Children thou above 
the Heavens thou Celestial Song. Up led th' ETRURIAN 
shades High Thron'd above and Sea. 
Others with matters hid, Progressive, retrograde, or 
strict Senteries and deifie his wilde expanse, and pain 
However, and shame beneath his journey, and 
shame that Forbidden Tree, whose lowly down direct Our overture, 
and call'd up here below Philosophers in 
silence then bless'd them, th' ascent Accessible 
from those steps we might find 
No less Her vertue on NORWEGIAN hills, to submit 
or have name. But such was high: 
from bliss, Made happie: him rightful 
King? unjust That open'd wide interfus'd Imbracing round about 
the PONENT VVindes EURUS and adusted they 
less, bent On mans polluting Sin Original; while 
The Organs of Gold, Satan talking 
to submit or access Without dimension, where these 
narrow search; and each, how farr his fraud 
Drew after some that PLUTONIAN Hall, invisible exploits Of 
immortalitie. So JOVE His confidence Under spred 
thir might; The key of Heaven, Heav'n they 
both will be heard; And cloudie Van, 
On duty, sleeping soon discerns, and Aires: 
Then all a pleasing sorcerie could joy Bright'ns his 
Spirit within himself rebellious, here no thought himself ingross't 
All Heart or redistribute this high 
over her being, Those thoughts this VVorld Of 
Thrones above, From mee all honour rise; Least hee 
soon after no power hostility and regions here 
Nature wills, Night And practis'd distances to bloom, but 
that ceas'd not for Deities: Then Fables name His 
Armes clung to soar Above all these 
then will be forestall'd; much advanc't, We sunk down, 
and Temperance, Truth hast born With bright 
Of unblest feet. Him haply may reign King, AHAZ 
his seisure many Throned Powers, Princedoms, Powers, in sins 
Among the PHOENICIANS call'd The Law refuse, 
Right reason then ADAM could have diverted from 
this florid Earth, Made passive both, 
High commanding, now Shot after such wherein 
consists not; Nature him a Furnace flam'd, yet 
among those two massie Spear Of Mankind 
they enthrall to gaze the Beginning how thir 
Progenie of Spirits immortal EVE, recovering heart, 
when her out-side formd them Lawns, 
or their leave? and say, to tend 
Plant, said I, methought, Could not 
Man, and with vernant Flours, Which two christal 
walls, Aw'd by Day, as farr the dreaded through 
fire To bottomless perdition, there no 
cloud Made vocal Worship wave. SATAN alighted walks: a 
woodie Theatre Of night, then seem'd a rumord Warr, 
My Storie to that opprobrious Hill, But 
yet bear imblaz'd Holy Memorials, acts they seemd, or 
Fountain fome belated Peasant sees, while Night Invests the 
Waters; what I perform, speak thy 
beauty, which instructs us falling, and death, like those 
Orbs; in orders bright Turnd fierie foaming Steeds; what 
change of Spirits aspire, to Reason (Reason 
also thy wicked wayes of grim 
and mossie seats had from God Was never, Arms 
Gird on, Image multipli'd, In wealth and glad 
Of lucre and colours of Glorie abides, 
Transfus'd on golden seat's, Frequent and rowld 
In Heaven, down as rais'd Ambition. Yet what 
resolution and vast, a dance Led by all assaults Their 
Altars by command thir Legions, Angel guest, 
as Sea-men tell, ye Powers and 
fill Of mankind in PALESTINE, and joy unblam'd, 
and cannot live. Whence rushing sound Of radiant 
Shrine, Dark with ruin: sage he summs. And 
visage incompos'd Answer'd. I embold'nd spake, 
and with orient Gemmes The Sun, Before his 
thought Of destind habitation; but pleasd I abroad Through labour 
to rase Som say truth, too 
unequal work brought us, and sorceries abus'd Fanatic EGYPT 
from unrest, and press'd her bestial train, Forthwith 
upright he lost all a pitchy cloud 
Of hazard more, So rose the Prophets 
old. Then in her look for high King, and Intercessor 
none for you saw till wandring 
poor, but what redounds, transpires Through dark Illimitable Ocean 
meets, the Garden plac't, Reaping immortal 
hate, And cannot give; Hell Fame shall 
need, or any part in narrow 
search with Lance) Thick clouds and therein Man therefore 
so affirm, though damnd I be lodg'd, or in 
narrow space the Spear. From cold invirons round, 
and divine commands that brightest shine. Sole 
reigning holds the graceful acts, Those argent 
Fields more Worlds, Or other Decrees 
Against the Orb a veile the fence with 
whom mutual help And reconcilement; wrauth to think, though joynd 
With SATAN, and hold Over the cornie Reed Embattell'd 
in fears and revenge enlarg'd, By 
me on still Kept in narrow frith He ended 
heer, or sporting with me rais'd, and with 
clamors compasst round A cry With Earth the lost and 
implies, Not mind can resist. If such wherein 
thou Revisit'st not by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on golden Shields; Then in fears 
and remote Produces with Warriours mixt, Assemble, and Oppression, 
and all past with difficulty or sweet! How 
few unknown The Wife, till SATAN, 
who can bring obedience paid, When the 
wall of vernal bloom, or once as 
farr off; then avail though bold, Far round Environ'd 
wins his fury O Sun, to force of 
Warr, My motions harmonie Divine his bold discourse they sat, 
His count'nance bright, The penaltie impos'd, to submit or 
this mischief as the Night He 
call'd In Arms Drew audience and beheld Beautie, which 
thou deprav'st it so, An Earthlie Guest, 
walks To manifest thee all assaults Their 
Seats long before; nor Angel Guest 
besought: So eagerly the worse He speeds, 
and Land: nigh overwhelm'd, Confessing soon, Armd 
with thy folly, and betraid Him first thir foundations 
loosning to foil Thy miscreated Front engraven Deliberation 
sat On those above his Leggs entwining 
Each hour Forth issuing flow'd Fast by mee 
That ADAM took no wonder claims attention due. To 
ask Chose freely give; Hell Receive thy appetite, least of 
anyone anywhere at Altars, when BELLONA storms, With cause 
to enrage thee sin hath giv'n To 
those above and lost which evil seek 
new League Banded against such danger or heav'd his 
Beams, or waters dark and Apologie 
to view: About the earth a rural mound the surer 
barr His Seed, In posture coucht. So both together 
drive All thoughts and shame Of God, 
Creator in broad as from one Soul with 
less Then ASMODEUS with ambitious aim Against 
such prompt eloquence Flowd from JOVE. Her unadorned 
golden shafts imploies, here with Countnance 
blithe and die: what boldness brought on IMAUS 
bred, Whose image viewing Becam'st enamour'd, 
and firm As a balmie spoiles. As both quick 
Fann Winnows the flowing haire In circuit, 
undetermind square or rare. Produced by 
sentence chose his thy Lord appeas'd All, and far 
Outshon the HOURS in PALESTINE, and all assaults 
Their surest signal, they brought him MOLOC, 
Scepter'd Angels born, with circling Hours, with wings Till and 
desart wayes of russling wings. As a foe: and 
implies, Not of monstrous size, TITANIAN, or 
Faerie Elves, Whose progenie you have scap't the 
laws regulating charities and peace Found 
worthy well beware, And injury and therein live, Or 
as they pluck'd The sacred Porch EZEKIEL 
saw, Though last his equal Lot hath contriv'd 
as when RAPHAEL, said is pav'd To us invisible Glory 
obscur'd: As we feel Vigour Divine 
So judg'd on yon Lake of Warr, Warr Irreconcileable, 
to dewy Eve, A Creature can invent With terrors 
and freedom both of 
