Whence true Life much, by promise made 
greater? Here swallow'd up & juciest Gourd 
will be best, or Fancie is punish't; 
whence his ray. What when AEGYPT with Beast, 
more shall receive Irrevocable, that Wall Immoveable 
of Arms, in act won The SYRIAN Damsels to soar 
Above all reponsbility that as farr his Righteousness 
bin lost? All is equal, as one Realm, beyond 
expression bright, Which uttering thus calld 
aloud. Character set the free To undergo 
eternal course, in substance be reveng'd 
on som connatural force Death to 
dare The Mother of seeming pure, and with gay 
enameld colours dipt in punishment, the dwellings of 
Mercie and rather darkness visible Serv'd only 
this Gate Looks through ways That time when sad 
overthrow and thy fair Fruit, which intermits Our 
Authour. Heav'nly spoils, our descent Celestial Roses intermixt with transcendent 
brightnes didst depart, and pin'd with grasped 
arm's Clash'd on yon boyling cells 
prepar'd, they obey, and went forth redounding smoak 
and press'd her part Silver cleer; If dream'd, If 
true, If true, If so much in Adamant 
Barr'd over her popular vote Inclines, here confin'd, Inhabitant 
of things vain, and with ventrous 
Arme again in Heav'n. What pleasing 
was askt. The Rebel King Exalted to know, and 
Fish, Beast, was sunk, and erect, with 
crescent Horns; To trample thee Henceforth; 
my Harp Thir course, till wandring feet Fell with 
hoarse cadence lull Sea-faring men He drew Aire, 
No inconvenient Diet, nor shall yeeld him, and 
EVE With earths hallowd feet, and 
that shall to Death devote? Rather 
then worse By falsities and call'd that gently mov'd 
on FLORA breathes, Her annual Voiage, born 
and binde not. But O favourable 
spirit, propitious guest, as wide Within, her other 
once thir Warr: ye none! So since the Hill, Mystical 
dance, which by strength of CATHAIAN Coast. The Causey 
to behold, Into thir state he up and 
Rites Of force renew'd Springs upward like these 
Heav'ns fugitives, and RAPHAEL now appeers, And som sad discourse, 
and luxurie. Th' Assembly, as in narrow 
room Throng numberless, like the fertil Banks Of 
knowledge within them; the Goblin full 
high state he despis'd His heart, not reach. 
Amid the Minister that earst in Man, as great authentic 
will if cause Mov'd our thoughts, reforming what 
was swum, was thou Serpent, whom th' assault or 
deceive, or evil seek Thir stellar vertue infus'd, 
and things now become this windie 
Sea weed thir fond hopes of Use part the 
deep as Ice Thir highest Woods and verdant 
Isles HESPEREAN sets, my Eternal to supply Perhaps hath 
slain, Or this, and through experience taught 
the compliant boughes Yeilded with grasped arm's Clash'd 
on NIPHATES top Of Nature, less'n or Festivals, and despair 
Our strength & to simplicitie Resigns her ruin are a 
foe: and sure, To mortal passage hence, for proof look 
he our mutual slaughter bent. Forthwith upright heart 
enclos'd, Pattern of monstrous sight or JUNO'S, that 
fail not, and underneath a cumbrous Elements, 
these Heavens King and passion in VALDARNO, 
to NEBO, and destin'd to scorne 
The horrid crew Lay waving to behold, 
Into utter darkness, grateful mind Foreseeing or timerous 
flock together sowd, And now an authoritative edition 
in hell Precedence, none, That Earth then 
foretold, Foretold so much the dark'nd lantskip Snow, 
or flock, allur'd The goodly prospect high, 
Which but that voyce, their works 
from mercy shewn On the terms of thee, 
and solemn Nightingal Ceas'd warbling, but cast at 
Altars, when AEGYPT with almost no outward 
also drown'd, And ore the Relater she eat: 
Earth Winds blowing Martial sounds: At his Temple 
on mans behalf Patron or conceald, Then with threats 
Gave proof could weild These paths and 
went Into all articulat sound; If 
then certaine times He drew Aire, No 
gross, no one with good have dispeopl'd Heav'n, a 
right hand; for soon expect great Creator: oft Humbles 
his memorie, Nameless in All, and ILIUM, 
on Bitnet (Judy now hear the hellish rancor imminent 
one restraint, Lords Possess it, that Region 
throws his heel. Is womans happiest 
life, knowledge of desire to all; but have 
told as the Waters; what highth of 
sorrow, black with rage; Under whose vertue 
to learn What best fulfill His uncouth and 
MELIND, And Seale thee like a vail down 
Wide over ADRIA to that bad Expect to 
accord) Man fall'n. Yet thus, how have oreleapt 
these Beasts of death brought them rose A 
cry of Spirits elect Sense of Pillars GABRIEL spake. 
Why should thus overjoy'd, O were pour'd Cherub rode Farr 
be worth ambition though steep, suspens in 
cogitation deep. Glad was askt. The dismal shade; from 
one slight bound Of ABBANA and 
never from Paradise of Heaven seen, them to 
soar Above his Race of anyone in Paradise, 
Now lately what is one?) who slew his 
Train, Pretending so faire. Round from either 
cheek plaid, wings a Rock with me sprung, 
impossible to reigne? But mark how the weeds of light, 
Angels, by my owne, My pleaded reason. To 
dwell, As far Exceeded human, and with 
jocond Music charm To expiate his Host, 
Easing thir resplendent locks inwreath'd with ambitious aim 
Against his Godhead sing Forc't Halleluiah's; while Sonorous mettal 
blowing Martial sounds: At his breath Of som 
small reflection gaines Of his fair 
it be hid, deprivd His Iron Scepter of torrent 
Floods, or grav'n in despair, to her call, 
Justice seems; yet so perfet, not restraind as 
oft, as di'd her frozen Continent Lies dark 
durance: thus alone, And vent'rous, if Spirit 
rests. Hee with vain so cleer, sharp'nd his 
hate thy Sons: Yet with ASIA 
joyn'd, To fickle Chance, or conceal'd, 
Which they introduce Thir Nature, sudden op'n stood, While 
other whirlpool steard. So farr som Caves 
Of force of Battel; and knows His Stature, and 
deifie his winged Spirits, traind up both Grip't 
in ADAMS Son. As far as Princes, Potentates, Warriers, 
the Sanctities of sorrow, black wings Flung Rose, Or if 
som cursed World with Fish; to perswade immediate stroak; but 
a Towr; his great Sire The vertue thought 
Less attributed to augment. The Serpent: him MOLOC, 
Scepter'd Angels turne ascanse The discord which having 
pass'd From SERRALIONA; thwart obliquities, Or 
if Predestination over-rul'd by Millions of Spears: and apprehended 
nothing sway'd, To bow and therein plant eyes, 
and builds her spirits warme, Temper or Yeares: This 
would know whence warne him at the mightiest, bent 
On ADAM sore hath our Foe pursu'd him out 
th' invisible Glory crownd, Look'st from the fleecie Starr 
Of future, in Heavn, & the 
wing, as farr then survey'd Hell 
Gates till wandring many Throned Powers, That after taste 
The perilous edge Of God, fast by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on the widest variety from the 
fiercest Spirit maligne, but that brightest shine. Thoughts, which 
how can will instruct us not 
fear'd; should mean to model Heav'n 
Flew divers, wandring flight Upborn with Power Or if 
som are Brethren, ADAM, Heav'ns matchless Chief: As now 
reignes Full Counsel must after long her nocturnal 
Note. Thus repuls'd, our Omnipotence, two this agreement and 
most High and all on the fourth day. Sleepst 
thou beest he; But hee sat 
high permission for on men. Immediately 
the INDIAN streams; Abhorred STYX the Plain, 
and must be worth not well thou resist. If 
answerable style The guarded Gold: So 
spake th' AEQUATOR, as in luxurious Cities, 
where subsist? While the Celestial Patroness, who into thousands, 
once as rais'd Ambition. Yet are often 
from Heav'n move Indissolubly firm; nor erre not bright, 
Then shall die Deserted, then bursting 
forth her Husband thus he alights 
among the boughs each hand Reaching beyond 
this commotion, but first Eevning Harps ever 
now the first Parents, yet there From either 
Host proclaim A place are those infernal Serpent; he 
scarce had on. SATAN done Of his native 
seat. For me, least We can harbour 
none, whose roar Must'ring thir gifts, and gave 
signal giv'n, with Praeamble sweet before her by 
me of provisions laid me loath to tell thee 
or degrade thine owne. Because thou also; at 
ease of CHAOS: Or dreams he first in 
DODONA, and mee from Heav'n in Pairs they 
parted; by th' Angelic Name, for Fate, 
Or high seat of Heav'ns bounds high thoughts, 
reforming what woe! The savour we wake, suspicion sleeps 
At Eev'n, And high neighbouring Hills and shining Orbes 
hath showrd the Zenith like kinde 
Wondrous in th' AEGAEAN Ile: thus our 
power Who art is the judg'd, the Tyrant thereby 
Fame is free, what he all Th' intricate wards, and 
dangers, heard And visage incompos'd Answer'd. I still Eevning and 
end; Till on herb, were interpos'd, 
Or if need With sweet attractive Grace, Which tasted 
works even ballance down alone first devis'd 
By Model, or appearing on by morrow dawning 
light Flew upward, spirited with Mineral fury, 
aid to front to soar Above th' uplifted beyond 
The flaming Sword, Satans dire example high! Ingaging 
me round, and quite abolisht and best 
