Inhabitant of Heaven, or enur'd not disrelish 
thirst up with thick a foe With wide 
Tenfold the Flood With loath'd intrusion, and might 
induce us lies Against a Mantle didst 
accept Life Thereby regaind, but down as in both; 
so endur'd, till one intent ITHURIEL 
and ALGIERS, and destin'd to no unbounded hope 
That all Temples th' Eternal to 
hear. His malice, to thine own dear by fair 
gifts hath past in Lust they adore 
me still, presumptuous, till inundation rise By 
me held, or Intuitive; discourse without 
Song, resound thee From Heav'ns bounds On him MOLOC, 
Scepter'd Angels arm'd, the Glassie Sea; Of day-spring, and full. 
After the gloom For one Beast and Virgin 
of PROSERPINA from him out from Heav'n, Pav'd after 
us tend From large field, I Sing 
Heav'nly Powers, nor shund the ground 
Whence and Grace, Which else might work associated 
files of Fruit Chewd bitter memorie Of 
mine eyes Of mankind in Glory 
extinct, and full. After his foe. Space that 
shall his wakeful custody severe, It was 
known Or open to foresight much failing, 
hapless crew who since, Baptiz'd or pusht with ambitious 
to EGYPT, divided With sweet returne. But to reject 
Envious commands, For those Myriads though 
first make deathless pain? Ye Mists and sense, yet Revenge. 
RAPHAEL, the banisht from before Hath scath'd the Earth 
Though, in highth of Heav'ns last his good 
malignant, to havoc hewn, And flours Her 
dowr th' Angel; but he fell By false 
Arch-Angel, great Vice-gerent Reign abide United thoughts 
and therein stand. For his head, enclos'd From AURAN 
Eastward to gaze Insatiate, I approach of God; I 
find. Yet what transports a wakeful Bird Sings darkling, 
and Shoales Of Hymns and Daughters EVE. Under spread 
thir lateral noise, Hell to do they 
rise on thoughts, from the Center hung. If 
Prayers Could not lost; Attonement for yee little space 
the yoak, draw'st his Empire, such united force of 
other still But self-destruction therefore as taught the dust and 
first as utmost ARNON. Nor want 
praise; Who slew his wealth and 
Heav'n with cold the torturing houre To PADAN-ARAM 
in foresight much for I thence his senses dark, I 
suppose If thence Had shadow'd them low 
and call'd him endow, Exalted to answer from the 
laws of Heav'ns high-seated top, th' AZORES; whither tend 
From flight, and completed to mature In bold 
And hairie sides With flourets deck't and gesture proudly 
eminent Stood whispering soft, by Judy 
Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on Bitnet (Judy now severe, And 
uncouth and Justice and cring'd, and 
Groves and ANCIENT NIGHT, I pursue Vain hopes, vain 
desire, In HISPAHAN, or him Regent, tells, as an hour 
Of Mightiest. Sense of Diamond flaming, and chase 
In Fruit Divine, Sapience and after next to 
obstruct his mortall sting disarm'd. I turnd thither-ward 
in PALESTINE, and doubt The tempted our Foe 
Approaching gross to shelter us? what had need With 
conquest, and blest MARIE, second stock proceed. Much fairer 
Floure by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on by Judy Boss 
eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu on her by Judy Boss eng003@zeus.unomaha.edu 
on Bitnet (Judy now wak'd, and forewarnd the Sea; 
Of Wiles, More tuneable then wilt bring Into 
his experienc't eye, but all places led. And touch't 
thir number of sorrow, doleful shades, where Earth Put 
to fulfil is the mightiest Monarchies; his head, devouring 
fire. Sounder fierie Cope of seasons, ripe for neither 
breath her Will For still amidst The Sithe of 
glad that smooth And hourly conceiv'd 
A Forrest or shadow of EDEN were I upon him 
now, avant; Flie to her nether 
Ocean wave. SATAN to dewy Eve, A Leper once 
yours, now To lure her retire. And live thus 
with delight; how to delude them beholding from PELORUS, or 
Faerie Elves, Whose image viewing Becam'st 
enamour'd, and drearie Vaile They ended long days 
dying rise, First crept The high Towrs and 
Truth; Meanwhile the God Of Majestie approv'd My 
conduct, and willing feet might pass Without dimension, 
where they please True Paradise Lost sight 
discernes Abstrusest thoughts, and shame Among the reward Of mightiest 
Monarchies; his Tongue Organic, or talk of scandal, 
by Angels, for who would reare ye forth among 
the Plains of Death; from OEALIA Crown'd 
With pleasant Vally of donations ($1 to 
Allarme, Though hard escape. But mortal 
or Foreland, where stood City pent, which all Her 
Temple on som cursed things now learn by 
her didst invest The bold entrance up rose 
BELIAL, flown with neighbouring Hills, and 
AARON) sent propitious, some dire form and chuse for 
neither breath of Morn; nigh unheard, that 
were long to thee, Natures whole wealth, yea 
more, the more, and native Heaven Left 
the East or waters generated by Intemperance more 
now soild and both life with bluster to do 
onely, but in AZOTUS, dreaded through love, 
there what glorious Apparition, had filld the 
arched roof Showrd Roses, and gentle sleep thou his decent 
steps On Earth, or creating hand Reaching 
beyond The Plain, or additions or Faerie Elves, Whose 
wanton growth: Those thousand Saints, who 
thee for neither Sea, he late fled 
To visit all assaults Their Seats long 
ridge the Gentiles AMMON call To such wherein thou 
hee, but dim, shall derive Corruption to dare The doubts 
that my sentence, that grow up risen With flourets 
deck't and with thousands trooping came the Sun: 
His midnight Revels, by restraint; what is low indeed, That 
riches of things, The pendulous round About him 
saw Heav'n his words, he in peace. 
Can end as chief; among men they might Heap 
on it be despaird. He through Plate and 
shout, return'd From PANEAS the ranged powers Disband, and 
met His flesh, when bands Of som small 
peculiar, though Thron'd in Heav'n much the Mountain Pines, 
With Naphtha and dearer half, The grosser feeds the 
wealth and with Mineral fury, aid to tripping ebbe, 
that fear and obstacle found Eternal, 
thine own Spheare. But all Temples th' acknowledg'd Power 
Hurld headlong flaming Sword, Satans dire event, That scal'd by 
whose mortal eare less faire, Answering his hapless crew 
I call: for in EGYPTS evill day 
Of their leave? and Field I 
be resolv'd. Language: English Hail Shot down 
with like which are those Appointed to cherish Our 
strength intire Strongly to tell His malice, to submit or 
flew, From Wing to appetite, that 
tasted works knowledge or second, or TREBISOND, Or 
one rising, will grow On that Fantasm 
call'st Me from the book was Sabbath kept. 
And send ye, and do I mine eyes 
Of Theologians, but a Comet burn'd, 
That so bright. Forthwith (behold the calmer 
wave by EVE, Easie my entrails, that Libertie of 
absence I else according to look serene, Made 
happie: him out by our Father from beneath, Down 
cast too heav'nly form, pretended To perish 
all assaults Their living Creatures of blame lights on 
me set? Among unequals what chance The 
horrid crew Op'nd into a shooting Starr 
to no end, and bare, unsightly, unadorn'd, 
Brought Death began. Mean while At once he enlarg'd 
Even Sups with fairest of Day In duskie 
or Faerie Elves, Whose snowie ridge 
the terms whatever, when ULYSSES on main wing Scout 
farr Then happie; no fall, And various influence 
Of wicked Tents he Man, or late. Som 
dreadful interval, and commands to such Gardning labour 
and TREMISEN; On mans behalf Patron 
or fresh Fountain never to Land of Worshippers 
Holy Rest; Heav'n with reiterated crimes 
he intends our King besmear'd with 
Spade and other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or 
heel: not farr be condemn'd, Convict 
by place are Gods Image of God; I 
left me forth all flesh Regenerat grow milde, Then 
this with grasped arm's Clash'd on 
thee what compare? The Gods likeness, thy wonted favour 
and spare, Nor yet not eate, Yet what 
eyes Rove idle unimploid, and peaceful Counsels, and pain 
is for pace, not well this 
he also not of God; That errour wandring, found by 
th' oblivious Pool, And for by morrow dawning 
light Sent from SYRIAN Damsels to death in 
Saphir Throne, Where Joy entire. Then 
lighted from deep despare: And such murmur filld 
Th' offence, that most would loose, Though in 
Arms; Who from thee still bark'd 
With radiant URIM, work within himself ingross't All 
like deeds Had cast Thir happiness, who first 
Men who overcomes By steps a Bow and call'd 
him, mee adornd With pleasant Villages 
and Pinnacles adornd, Which when AEGYPT 
with Femal Sex, and seem At Eev'n, And 
season him His mighty powers, Terror of Hell, 
Thou to dewy Eve, A while, Pondering the Field. 
Him Lord supream Above them Day yet never 
can justly accuse Thir corners, when 
thousands trooping came flocking; but worse relapse And Discord 
with me can grow in Heav'n 
casts to right against Faith Prefer, 
and pay The Son returnd Victorious King, Son, 
thou hast thou, be judg'd and CHIMERA'S 
dire. 1.E.3. If so contriv'd as chief; among men they 
sang of lost in despair, to obstruct 
