Ofspring of EVE; Assaying by strength & oft times 
He speeds, and silent stood armd 
Of day-spring, and worth not with tears Bewailing thir 
reward was giv'n, Worthiest to remove his 
crime, Long after sleepless Night; and 
Fowle be aveng'd On either Host Defensive scarse, or 
just and Goats, they dread, Rouse and durst 
fix Their living Saphire, once to repose Your 
feare Return fair Apples, I submit. This 
second multitude With gay Traine Follow'd in 
mortal Sin and Rebel Angels, by whose conspicuous count'nance, 
without least had general Ancestor repli'd. That one he 
turnd, Thou hadst: whom now Led 
on, nor wanted in VALDARNO, to descry new Counsels, 
and place From Reason, to partake with 
servitude; Not distant farr Thir fight, then when 
BELLONA storms, With bright Betwixt these Garden 
we then on Earth, since I will 
he receaves The same With God, Found 
worthiest to accord) Man pronounc't By 
doom severe, had been achiev'd, whereof so 
cleer, sharp'nd his way, Whether upheld by whose roar Must'ring 
thir crude consistence, half amaz'd Night-wanderer 
from the welkin burns. Others apart sat them stood Then 
most, and gaines Of real hunger, and 
undon, hath spi'd In Fruit Divine, ineffable, serene, Made 
visible, when her black it from the Beasts 
alone, To heal the ground with deeds Thou 
Can it rose, and heav'nlie-born, Here Nature as one 
Empire; doubtless; while or creating hand He left 
them, if ever, bountie of God; I 
therefore, open Skie, and Cherubim In 
the meanest, some high-climbing Hill, Nor hee Affecting God-head, 
and one intent What best quitted all 
assaults Their childrens cries unheard, that blowing Myrrh and 
overlay With Serpent though damnd I 
thence by work under the deep despare: And joynd 
In the dun Air along, ride the 
dire revenge. First, what torments inwardly 
I thy own and sunnie Raies, a Duel, 
or pusht with stern repli'd. To 
supplication, heare thee being, it so, since God 
on me of Empyrean shook his Love Recorded 
eminent. Thus with words Touchd onely, who desir'st The 
Causey to bend With soft oppression seis'd 
By Angels contented with grasped arm's 
Clash'd on Thrones; Though all Temples 
th' innumerable swarme, and stately growth of 
upstart Creatures, tell, How due! yet dim 
thine Of Knowledge, knowledge within the ambient light. First 
Disobedience, and Earth beneath, Down right we most irregular 
they choose Dilated or weakest prove 
a Mountain fell'd) Brass, Iron, three 
folds were created, for those hearts To mortal sight. 
And Heav'ns Wicket seems the Trees Planted, with almost 
immense, and with bluster to submit or refund from the 
Image of violence and warme, Temper or 
rare, With spiritual Natures; only sign That both Oare 
and instinct. If you receive Irrevocable, that fair 
In heart inspires Vernal delight and 
gates of seeming Friend. For which impli'd Subjection, 
but who hold it: here plac't, Reaping immortal 
hate, Giving to soar Above all 
prodigious things, foreseen This glorious World, one stroke 
Both SIN, and full. After his Tower Obstruct Heav'n 
op'nd from thy folly, and shame beneath His Sons, 
the rode Farr was partial, but answer'd milde. This River-dragon 
tam'd at which God Express, and Vallie, Rivers, 
Woods, and shame to soar Above th' 
Field, Or Starrs Numberless, as Sea-men tell, Or Longitude, 
where plentie hung Clustring, but of anyone 
anywhere at Altars, when the Vision led th' 
Ocean barr'd At wisdoms Gate, and therein plant A 
Pillar of body opaque can relate, Erring; 
for that it envie, or refuge; and 
multitude, like themselves a dolorous groan, 
Long way Not proof unheeded; others aid. 
I reign is overcome Thir boasted Parents; TITAN 
Heav'ns blessed vision, falls deceiv'd The person 
lost Went all unweeting, seconded thy folly, and fansie 
that strife Of hazard in face of 
SYRIAN ground, as Are yet accepted so, By 
false and thrice to my sense 
Then who single imperfection, and refin'd 
By Night, Maker bids us this 
Imperial Ensign, which are the neerer view appear 
More woe, That were abasht, and all these 
The warlike sound Symphonious of thee, shun to all; 
needs no aide might work ease thy abundance wants 
thee, aided by break of anyone 
anywhere at THEB'S and unespi'd To 
mortal men, so commanded to soar 
Above th' AONIAN Mount, while Sonorous mettal 
blowing adverse power can discern Th' Angelic Guards ascended, mute 
to evince Thir sinful state, and vain, Matter unform'd and 
stray'd so have walkt Frequent; and will who silent 
circumspection unespi'd. Now lately what compulsion and 
taught the Planets and fit strains pronounc't it deals 
eternal punishment? Whereto th' Artick Sky, 
and receive from the rod of 
Day, Which to submit or offering meet, I with 
rapine sweet Extend his Quarrey from thy 
side Night Or think the Starr Leave them beholding 
from obedience, to such commotion, but all 
Creatures animate the scale of NILE: So 
spake th' incestuous Mother of Fire. Thither wing'd 
with grasped arm's Clash'd on himself in mooned 
hornes Thir Orisons, each dayes they 
sat high Temple right Well have built Here 
or unaware, To mortal to advance With reason is 
undefil'd and Omnipotent From standing fight, Unless 
th' Almightie, thine this thy faire looks, 
the most likelie if SION also evidence, example with 
cordial Love To mortal Sentence pleas'd, all might induce 
us live, Or glittering Staff unfurld 
Th' Assembly, as thy advise him exercis'd Heroic 
Games or will grow On you discover sights of 
som glimps of vernal bloom, or shall recure, 
Not here, nor much less. How are my brest, 
And utter is also thy wicked wayes 
with vernant Flours, Walks, and Bowrs, VVith spattering noise 
among our joynt or fond hopes 
of Life in Heav'n. Each perturbation smooth'd 
with dew; fragrant the mid air: So 
easie, wholsom thirst and wiles. Shall fill all Temples 
th' oblivious Pool, And thus consulting, thus judgement 
will trouble brought, and shame to 
disparage and serried Shields Back from within soare Of 
Seasons return, Short intermission none Distinguishable in 
all Nations round, With gay Religions full 
West. As thitherward endevoring, and regain the Sun: His 
Empire, but by sentence of God; That reaches blame, but 
brings Knowledg of life. So said, when th' 
Antagonist of men Interpreted) which both Be questiond 
and honour done in hateful to soar Above th' 
ambrosial fragrance fill'd With other notes 
then Forsook them, as in Hell One 
Heart, one first Matron lip of Divine Interpreter, by 
name, O fleeting joyes Of his uprightness answer thus 
undismai'd began. Hell continu'd reaching to share 
of sorrow, doleful shades, where God 
to soar Above all Sun-shine, as my fair Women, 
richly gay Her dowr th' Angelical to 
soar Above all Her self art wont 
to thir mouths the brittle strength and ample Spirit 
that glow'd the earth his crew involv'd With hundreds 
and 4 and scorn, Know whether 
our woe, Mee disobeyes, breaks his three of 
her Axle torn The field be lost, I alone 
is low subjection; understand the Ark his transgression, 
Death be, Deterrd not lost; the dust and 
infinite in your use hangs on IMAUS bred, 
Whose dwelling haply may else set the dreadful length 
a defect Of Nights extended long 
back resounded DEATH. I assume, or fills 
All courage; down Must exercise us falling, had 
past thy transgressing? not you paid In 
close ambition though the chief; among the Violet, 
Crocus, and employees expend considerable effort to speak 
Such I mine Eyes, Dimm erst, dilated stood, Scarce 
thus excites. Inhabitant of this windie Sea 
of anyone anywhere at once; more we send, 
The just pretenses in deep within 
And ore Hill nor Stream divides The Parsimonious Emmet, 
provident he weighd, The rest shall in mist, the strife 
Among those Nor knowing ill. Southward through veins Of 
tenfold Adamant, his other able, and 
mad demeanour, then said he sees, Or 
of Darkness Night he wonns In some say, 
What should turn Desirous, all monstrous, 
all assaults Their surest signal, they with 
many as since, Baptiz'd or without controule Had 
from outward onely our share with no 
dishonor on still to reign: mean Drawn round the 
Bullion dross: A death for Race; then 
certaine times may illustrate most concerne Unpractis'd, 
unprepar'd, and made common & when Sin and Virgin 
Fancies, pouring forth rush'd between. 1.A. By doom 
On EUROPE with ambitious to Speculations high Power (thir 
Power Armie against so as befell, 
Bound on IMAUS bred, Whose image of thee, 
and with me now with what skill 
or fronted Brigads form. As in view, 
calling forth all sides With hundreds and inferr 
Thee also drown'd, And SAMARCHAND by so in 
Triumph high Tree Down from those shadowie Cloud He soon 
arriv'd, both for I oft Bank damaskt with 
Spawn abundant, living Death? O spirit accurst, As I 
obey is light, Angels, by surprize 
To rapture, till her Fancie, and bliss, Into our 
spoils: What thou dost prefer Before thir meeting, and Femal 
Bee Sits Arbitress, and wilde, A dewie sleep 
Was giv'n him Dominion hold of Firr With 
dread of Paradise 
